0	hello, i click in product received	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
0	Hello! I have closed the dispute on may 21, 2017 and says that the refund will be made. When will be refunded the money?	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
0	l ordered from spain to spain now they send the order from china?	My order came but color different from that I ordered.
1	Do I need to pay custom duty	How to pay customs duty
0	I didn't receive my order?	My order shows that I have not paid, but I did
0	Hi Eva. At first the question. Can I write in german?	How can I write feedback for the goods?
0	I am so angry	I opened a dispute and so far nothing
0	I am not able to open dispute	I am not able to track.
0	how can I check order number?	Where I can see the number of my order tracker?
0	No, I need an answer from you.	I need an invoice for this item i bought from you
0	how to reply to dispute	How do I reply to feedback?
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	i want live contact now
0	What does it mean: Your order will be closed in?	tracking order what does collection mean
1	how to exchange coins	How to change my coins for coupon?
1	how do I report a fraud seller	I want to report seller
0	Hi I want to buy something but seller have to adjust price, my system goes automatically and does not allow for seller to adjust please help	hi i need to tell u something about my order
1	How do I know whether my order has been shipped	How can I know if my order was shipped?
0	i cancelled my order with the seller already	I have already paid for my order
0	l ordered from spain to spain now they send the order from china?	I'm a supplier from china
0	I want to do shopping how to buy	i will come to see you tomorrow
0	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	When can I receive my package after the product is sent out?
1	The promotion began, but why the price of product did not change	Why the promotion price is not changed?
0	the color number was L	How can l see my message
0	i have done done all tracking	I have a dispute and the company has done nothing to resolve the problem
0	My forms and documents are not going	When am I going to receive my orders?
1	how to place order	How do I place order?
1	impossible to join contact customer support	how can I contact customer support?
0	I want to do shopping how to buy	What is shopping cart?
0	I am not able to open dispute	I am not able to attach a photo for a dispute
0	my order isn't being processed	My debit card is not being accepted
1	Please, the term of the purchase protection is over, can you return my money? Do I have to wait for the dispute? The error was in sending the site, the merchandise was not sent to Brazil. Thank you.	How do you return money if the goods are not received?
0	You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again.	Why it says The supplier has sent you a message in your order?
0	is your site secure	my supplier has disappeared from your site
0	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	ok please contact me with other people	Can I contact other buyers?
0	how to delete messages in app	How to delete cookies?
0	cancel my order	My seller will not cancel my order.
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	How do I check a seller if they have no feedback?
0	it's been 32 days i dont see any update on my order	Why I do not see any records of my order?
0	how do I extend buyer protection?	How do I become eligible for buyer protection?
1	Hi I like to know if a seller needs me to send back, how does she refund me the delivery fees plus cost of the dress as I am using Singapore registered mail?	It is to expensive for me to send the good back
0	how do i place order?	How do I track my order?
0	could help me	talk to me
0	I have never bought anything	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
1	How to upload picture	I cannot upload documents.
0	I want more wide walking shoes, width to be E, EE, EEE, EEEE	I want to be unsubscribed from all e-mails
0	its take too long time	how long will shipping take
1	i cannot pay using bank transfer	I am trying to make a payment by bank transfer but I cannot
0	Hello money i want to do what i have to do what i have to do	What guarantees do I have for buying here?
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	When will refund be approved and when will I receive it.
0	how to open dispute in app	How can I open dispute if order complete?
0	please read above	How can I read the feedback written about me?
1	how to cancel the dispute?	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	The seller advertise wrong price	the seller has sent the goods in the wrong index
0	recover app coins	How do I recover an order deleted by mistake?
0	I can not use a coupon or get discount.	How can i get the discount
0	i need to find my payment information	i need some information about Western Union payment
1	did not receive my refund	Why did not I receive refund?
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	Can I send my goods to China?
0	i want to be seller	I want a full refund but seller will not agree
1	other orders arrived in time	not arrived item
1	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	i want to know how my order is?
0	how to set my currency	How Currency Converter
0	I want the money as soon as I will not try again or buy anything from you	Do you offer shipping information if I buy from you?
0	Hello. I reached out for customer service 3 times now.	I pressed Pay Now button 3 times. What can I do?
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	how to check dispute reason
0	how to delete messages in app	how to delete paid order
0	how to upload evidence on dispute	i do not know how to upload pictures
1	Can I chat a person? Robot eva is not getting it	can i chat with a real person
0	I need change may email because I don't localize my email and I need to buy	i need your email address
0	Hello! Good night. I need your help for.. I can not issue a ticket to pay an account	I need your help Anna
0	please clear the cookies in your browser?	Please give me your e-mail support for your site
0	I do not know the problem	i do not know your website
0	and me too	The shipping fee is too high for me
0	how to search good seller	How to clear my search history?
1	i have paid for my product	I have paid
0	how to link my card?	I did not receive a verification link in my email
0	how to open dispute	How to open case?
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	You won't answer me.
1	I wanna buy something product but I dont know how to pay money	I wanna pay the seller
0	how to leave feedback to the seller	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	how do i see coupon	How do I get a coupon
0	when my pay will cancelled	When will I receive my refund for cancelled order?
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	I sent money 3 days ago and the status do not changed
0	I was charged for an item I thought I purchased but never received it and can't find a trace of in on my orders	I have never received the product purchased
0	I have ordered with an incorrect email address	I have entered incorrect delivery address
0	I want to change the size	i want to know size at brazil
0	how can I report fraud seller	I received an email with notice that seller is suspected of fraud issue.
0	unable to find the address	unable to get response from seller
1	I don't have a tracking number. I am trying to place an order	I am trying to order and it is not working
0	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	I paid an order but it is still shows the same status
0	read my question before answer pls	I want to read feedback written about my order
1	So where can I FOUND COUPONS I EXCHANGED? WHERE ARE THEY?	Where I can see my coupons?
0	but i use ATM	If I want to use a coupon
0	fast shipping courier	you talk too fast
0	how to find reliable seller	Can I find verified seller?
0	someone else know vietnamese?? I wanna oder	I wanna know about Western Union process to purchase
0	how do i use select coupon	How do I select currency?
1	i need to talk to human being please	i want to talk to a human online
0	how do I place order	How do I cancel Frozen Order?
0	Hello. I reached out for customer service 3 times now.	Until now I still have not reached my order
0	Unable to open an account	Sorry, your account has been flagged for some reasons and you are unable to participate in this promotion.
0	i submit my appeal and nothing happens	I cannot submit my dispute form
0	i am not receiving purchase protection order email	I can not extend the protection time of an order
0	what time is it in China?	What is processing time?
0	Need you to confirm my credit card	I saved my credit card but I need to replace it with a new one
1	do u have a phone number	do you have a phone number
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	When I click pay now, it is taking me to sign in page.
0	dispute time is over	My processing time is over and I want to extend.
0	I want to shipped order all at once	I would like to pay for all the item at once
0	i am fine	i am in
0	turn me back to operator	how to turn buyer account to seller account?
0	a colleague said he would be restored	I paid for an order but it said that is still waiting payment
1	is this a fucking computer?	are you a person or a computer?
0	How do I check if a seller reliable?	How do I check my coupon?
0	contact the seller?	I cannot contact the seller
0	i am not receiving purchase protection order email	Can my purchase protection be extended?
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	I wanna change my shipping address for logistics order
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
0	the seller changed the shipping method?	How can I change shipping method?
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	In which situation will I be refunded?
0	I want to confirm that I received the merchandise and I'm happy with it but i can't log in	I need to receive merchandise soon.
0	so i was buying a case	I want to extend buying protection
0	can i order on company name?	I will never order from this company again
0	Hi. I want to send mail to sales manager. I need the email address.	I need the email address for this company
0	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	I want to place an order.
1	I have problem with you guys	i have a problem with an order
0	how to change price	How do you know the price?
0	At what time should I contact you to receive help?	What do you do in your spare time?
1	How do I cancel my account	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
0	So please delete my new account.	I want to reactivate my account. Please help.
0	why the price of product did not change	How do I change price at Euro?
0	a colleague said he would be restored	The seller said that the goods lost.
0	I cannot see order in my car	Why I cannot see my feedback?
0	Hi, I had ordered a cosplay costume with the wrong currency; I canceled the order and the seller told me it was cleared right away, but now there is not enough credit on the card; Could I kindly receive the amount back as quickly as possible? I have to reo	The seller told me to cancel the order to return the money. What can I do?
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	the seller change Carrier without telling me and now he want me to pay extra charges
0	de fault address	Can the seller change the address?
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	What is the status right now?
1	is this a human being?	i need to speak with a human
0	I would like it as soon as possible	I would like live chat
0	Then this must be joke, you must be kidding me,,,	You confused me.
0	i already asked something i am talking with a computer isn't it	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
0	Can I reopen a dispute	Can I reopen dispute after I close it?
0	I click the PAY NOW button and it says every time that there has been and erros so I cant pay my order	I have returned my order but the order has already been completed.
0	Every time I try to pay the order that I have placed, I get an error saying that for "security reasons" the payment could not be executed. How can this be solved?	I received an email saying my order was canceled for lack of payment
0	why the price of product did not change	Supplier change the order price without my permission
0	feedback is not showing	My account is showing up in Spanish, I need English.
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	can i ask you something
0	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	i need a live representative please
0	Hello, I would like to know how to sponsor a friend.	I would like to know the feedback of a seller.
0	canceled no shipment	There is no information for my shipment at this time.
0	COME TO MY BED	I want my package to come faster
1	Registration email is not working	I received the email for my registration but I could not view verification link to click on it?
0	i don't receive my order	don't speak english
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	How can I buy goods if I do not have visa card?
0	how I pay money for my product what I choose	How do I choose the colors I want?
0	I want to use another payment method	i want to cancel an order and use the money to pay for another order
0	Hi Eva! I need to delete my old credit card and register my new credit card	I want refund to my credit card
0	I'd like to know about extra fee. What is it? How can I use?	I received a discount coupon I would like to know how can I use
0	i havent received my goods	how do I file a dispute after I received my goods and time ran out
0	the above question	I have a question on refund.
1	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	I received item with very bad condition
0	my last commande i buy this	Why can't I buy products with my account?
0	I have gone through what you have suggested and it has not helped. I need to have my account either deleted or my password for the email and user name reset. Please put your boss on.	I have made online payment, payment had gone through
0	how to apply warranty	Does the coupon automatically apply?
1	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	I have never received the product purchased
0	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	how do i know if my order has been shipped?
0	Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Sorry, your payment was not successful! No money has been deducted.
0	I can't open dispute	Can I open a dispute I canceled
0	ok the get lost	I lost my password
0	I want to change my credit card which is registered for payment	I want refund to my credit card
0	how can i change my credit card details	How can I change my shipping address?
0	what will happen when I open a dispute	When will I receive refund after I open dispute?
1	cant speak to live chat	i cant speak english
1	How to find seller is reliable	How do I find reliable sellers?
0	what time is it in China?	What is the China Post contact number?
0	I dont want a stupid robot, I need an answer	i dont speak english good
0	I purchased an iteam yesterday and i have been charged the iteam which is showing on my credit card statement am trying to find out why when i go into my purchase history is not showing the order number or tracking number	How can I find my tracking number?
1	what is a buyer protection?	what is Buyer Protection
0	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	how many days to deliver the parcel?
0	how to use warranty service?	How to use coupon?
1	seller have other behavior	I have a problem with a bad seller
0	i do all -and cant	i cant speak english
0	did i not create an account when I ordered my product	why I cannot create an account for me
0	What happens to my order when my shipment status says "shipment canceled"?	What happens if an order is shown twice on my account?
0	how can I repot a fraud seller	How can I change dispute if seller agreed?
1	The wireless charger l received is faulty and doesn't charge	The goods are faulty
0	can you dance for me?	Can you call me
0	Hi Eva. At first the question. Can I write in german?	Eva did you understand my question
0	how to remove credit card?	How to remove unnecessary orders?
0	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	Can I import 1 single item?
0	how do i get coupons and discounts	Can I get these coupons reactivated
0	A couple of weeks ago I searched for NASA shirts in the store, back then it had many results. But now it has no results. How can I find those products again?	How to narrow my search results?
0	Hello, my credit card expiration has expired and I can not find anywhere where the new card data can be overwritten. Could you help me?	can i use a credit card
0	save for later	What to do if the order was paid and later closed?
1	please read above	please read my question
0	can you read?	please read my question
1	May I ask a question?	I want to ask a question
0	my name is Bill	remove my name in the transaction
0	please someone who knows spanish l find it hard to write and translate and then translate what he writes to me	please tell me what happened to my items
1	who can help me please?	Could you please help me?
0	how to open a dispute	How to cancel dispute?
1	how to open a dispute	I need open a dispute
0	save card details	I need to change my credit card details.
1	I cannot open a dispute	I cannot open dispute
1	How can i get an order receipt or invoice?	How do I get an invoice to pay?
0	seller not response my refund status	Seller response time has ended
0	for my phone	I cannot add my phone number
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	How can you don't know?
0	not sure what 25cm by 33cm means	Can I make sure my payment to the seller is secured?
0	how to add items in cart	How many products I can add in Shopping Cart?
1	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	in my refund status there is not showing s 'Dispute	Why the order is not showing on my account?
1	how to open dispute for completed orders	My transaction completed but I want to open dispute
0	adding a credit card	where to upload credit card statement
1	how do I report the seller?	How do I report a seller?
0	is your site secure	How does PayPal work on your site?
0	place an order?	I want to place order by phone
0	how to block to block the seller	How can I contact seller?
0	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I accidentally pushed confirm delivery but I did not received my order.
0	How to register an account	register the account is free or not
1	can help me	Can you help me?
1	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	When will I receive the product that I purchased
0	I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please help	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	can you read?	How can I access and read feedback the seller gave to me?
1	cannot contact seller	I cannot contact the seller
0	how to get warranty	how do i get PI
0	tried to pay for my order wouldnt go thru whats up?	I tried to pay with credit card but it came up error of Invalid Digital Order.
0	The status is finished but I have nothing.	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	So who will provide a answer	seller who refuses to answer to my emails
0	I have a problem with the system I visited this page I filled out the form	I have a problem with payment
1	how to receive refund through Boleto?	How do I receive a refund by Boleto?
0	fast shipping method	wrong shipping method
0	seller is not responding	i have a dispute with the seller
0	There is a mistake translating a word "order" in English to Turkish...	paid for the goods by mistake
0	ship to syria	ship to somewhere else
1	are a live person	How do I get a live person
0	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	I selected the wrong size
1	I want to cancel the order	I placed an order and paid. I want to cancel it.
0	and until now I have had no answers	Please let me know your e mail address
0	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	This account does not exist, what should I do?
0	19/5000 I just canceled	I canceled already but they took money
0	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	I cannot send messages to my supplier.
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	Do I get my money back if I cancel a purchase?
0	how to set shipping method	choose wrong shipping method
0	I want to appeal your judgment.	i want your mail
1	The online service button is not activated	i want to talk to a human online
0	I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I changed the card which paid for the order
1	how do I change coins into coupon	How do I use the coins?
0	how a make new store	how to make payment with WebMoney
1	My tracking is not working.	Why my tracking order is not working?
0	i will ask another help	I want to ask for a refund
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore?	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
1	I hope you understand what I said	I hope you can help me
0	reasons for cancellation	Sorry, your account has been flagged for some reasons and you are unable to participate in this promotion.
0	I want to cancel the order	I want to cancel order in Frozen Order
0	what is fuck is that	fuck eva you are hot
0	Hello. I am trying to use a discount code and it is not allowing me to input the code	I am trying to order a dress but it is not giving me a size to choose.
1	How to i open a dispute	How do I open an dispute?
0	i need to find my payment information	How can I change my payment information?
1	i want to remove my credit card from my account	How to remove 1-click checkout from my account?
1	The goods I purchased do not work. I have contacted the seller direct but am getting only emojis as replies. Cannot open a dispute.	I need open dispute but do not have the option
0	I just read that you rejected my appeal!	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
0	How to exchange points to coupon?	How to use coupon?
0	After the dispute was opened the seller reassured me that it will arrive	A dispute opened long ago. The seller is silent.
0	How to find the item ship from USA	How can I search item by item number?
0	how do I apply for a refund	How do I receive a refund by Maestro?
0	We are unable to create an account	I am unable to sign in
0	return shipping address of the seller	The shipping address is not available
0	Hello, I cancelled my order. How long does it take to get my money back?	How long does it take to receive my order
1	is there anyone there?????	do u help anyone?
0	I want love dispute open but i can't	My transaction completed but I want to open dispute
0	this is my order ID	I want change my name ID
0	My account iz broken	close my account
0	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	Do I pay before or after I receive my merchandise?
0	feedback is not showing	Why the order is not showing on my account?
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change my name?
1	I cannot make an account and I want to track a package	I want to track an order
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	How old are you	Where can I find old messages from the seller?
0	how do I get the order number	how do i get PI
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	Can I buy 2 products from different seller in the same shipment?
0	I don't know English	How can you don't know?
0	Why rewards points are going down?	I shared with friends but why not give points?
0	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	i have cancelled the order and it shows Awaiting Cancellation
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	I want to send a product to China
0	I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please help	Can I buy 2 products from different seller in the same shipment?
0	I want to cancel the order	I want to cancel my order but the cancel order option is not available anymore
0	i did not receive my refund yet	I did not receive my item. How do I get a refund?
1	how to open dispute for completed orders	How to open dispute if my order has been completed?
0	My system goes straight to pay	I cannot pay my order with my card.
0	Hello, I'm still not tracking a package for one of my orders	I have sent money to a bank account CITIBANK N. A. SINGAPORE BRANCH.
1	I want to complaint	How do I file complaint?
0	I am asking to combine orders for payment	When am I going to receive my orders?
0	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	can you please tell me when my orders will be delivered	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
1	I cannot see order in my car	I cannot see the order I paid for.
0	i will visit China	Why I cannot choose China?
0	not save card	How can I save sellers?
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore?	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	how to add the reward points	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	I tried to make payment by card but it did not let me
0	i want to change my password	I could not able to change my Password.
1	Unable to upload image in the dispute	I cannot upload the attachment
1	how to add evidence to dispute?	How do I provide evidence to support my claim?
0	how do i go to customer care	How to care my bag?
0	Are you able to help me?	you can not help me
1	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	I want to clean all my order
1	Yes but the seller does not respond	The seller does not respond to me
0	hi where can i change my shipping address?	my courier change the shipping address
0	I want to appeal your judgment.	I want to make one payment for your items.
1	I just wonder when I got my order	When will I receive my order?
0	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	i want to fuck you
0	Is it true that I have to cancel the dispute before they can process a refund?	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
0	My dispute is over, and now it's over, and now?	Where my item is now?
1	you are a computer?	does this automatically computer answer
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	can I do payments by credit card?
0	so answer me"!"/!/"	so nobody help me
0	a link should open up in my browser but it is broken and does nothing even though the little "hand" appears when hovering over	Why nothing happens when you click the button?
0	can I sell?	I only need one item, but the supplier does sell in lot
1	Can I call Customer service	Can customer service call me
0	you want to know how to add passport details	How do you know the price?
0	ja watch for me	Do you watch news?
0	please someone who knows spanish l find it hard to write and translate and then translate what he writes to me	I need to speak to someone please
0	how to edit account	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
0	its less than 20	My refund amount is less
0	How can i pay for my purchase?	How can I get my purchase history?
0	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	I paid for my order, and I am being asked to pay it again, what do I do?
1	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Can I pay with iDeal?
0	OMG I keep losing the conversation wtf?	I keep trying to pay but it declines it
1	Hi, I need your help. I would like to open dispute, but the order is finished and it's more than 15 days since I confirmed the receipt so it's not possible to open dispute. Is it still possible to open dispute for the reason that the item is not wo	I cannot open a dispute. I need your help.
0	How can I put the store on the black list?	I want to find out if this dress can be made in black and red
0	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	I have already paid for my orde, but the order status has not changed
0	no, i can not order anything	I did not order anything. What can I do?
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	I would like a catalog of the items for purchase on you website
1	seller made no response	I have made an offer but i have not received any response from the suppliers?
0	how to check buyer's protection	How do I pay securely without Buyer Protection?
0	My contacts are all ok	ok no problem
0	unresolved refund status	Why the status shows Null?
1	Because my order never gets in hold always goes to paid instantly	My items never came
0	i want to know my refund payment status	I want to know if I can make my payment with American Express
1	can i speak with you in french?	do you speak french?
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	How do I make a payment with 2 credit cards
0	place an order?	Why I cannot place order?
0	Hi Im having trouble placing an order Can you help me figure out whats wrong with your system?	you can not help me
0	i am problem with my order	I am experiencing a problem with ordering a product.
0	where is the coupon located	Where are you located?
0	seller don't answer me	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
0	could you track the status of order	Can you help to track my order?
0	I filled out the form for appeal but I can not send it	How can I log out my account?
1	What are you doing	What are you doing now?
0	i mistakenly cancelled my order after made the payment. But i want my order to be done. What can i do?	When will i receive my refund after order is cancelled?
1	add videos on dispute	How to add video in my dispute?
0	Returns and refunds	How do I receive refunds if my credit card is changed?
0	how to delete my card	How to delete my account?
0	The online service button is not activated	is this chat online?
0	How to exchange points to coupon?	How do I exchange the item for the right size?
0	My order is very late, and the vendor do not reply my messages	Where is my messages?
0	open dispute but seller refuse to refund	The seller refuse to ship my order
0	do you have a solution for that	Do you have dropshipping?
0	How do i extend buyer protection	do you have buyer protection?
0	i have question about New black Mini USB Wifi Adapter Pocket Network Wireless Router 2nd Soft AP Portable	I have question for you
0	I cannot pay with my Mastercard.	How do I pay with a mastercard
1	how to use bank transfer?	How do I pay by Bank Transfer?
0	upload video evidence	I cannot upload attachment.
0	Contact your reseller in his name Yvone Lee	Your account name or password is incorrect
0	regarding my order	I made payment, but I did not get any email regarding payment.
1	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	After the supplier agreed to cancel the order, how long will it take for me to get the full refund?
1	HE CAN SPEAK IN SPANISH?	Can you speak
0	i can't find it	fine thanks and you?
0	i don't paid because	I don't know
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
0	order list pages	What is a wish list?
0	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	I have problem with this order
1	post sell claim	Am I able to sell things?
0	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	I need know when my order deliver to me
1	Escalate Judgement from AE	How can I escalate a dispute?
1	how to use paypal	Why I cannot use PayPal?
0	i want to be seller	i want to speak with the seller
0	credit card details	Will visa master credit card work
0	Not yet shipped	Whether my order was shipped?
0	good evening I had a problem with my credit card and the money that was in authorization was returned, have you received my payment?	I have returned my item
0	Ich use invoices.	do they use skype?
0	Why the money is not returning	Why I do not have my money so far?
0	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	I think it is your fault.
0	what is confirm goods received	I can not find the button Confirm Order Received"
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017 go to hell	I want to reorder some items.
1	how to leave feedback	How do I give feedback?
0	adding a credit card	Supported credit card types
0	Problem not solved.	I have a dispute and it is not getting solved
1	I opened an order and the product ran out	i already opened a dispute
0	i can't buy my order	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	how do I change password	How do I change feedback?
1	how to find the seller's store	How can I find a store?
0	I can't log in,i forgot my password and I can't find the verification code in my email,I tried a few ties already	I tried to make a mobile payment, but didn’t receive the verification code.
1	How do i add evidence	How do I provide evidence to support my claim?
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	I don't know.
1	I pressed. Click the Confirm Order Receipt button. Before the Order is sent.	I mistakenly pressed the button order is finalized
0	Why my package is blocking the original country?	the package i ordered says it was delivered to another country
1	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	Will I have to pay tax
1	I need contact with a real person	an i talk to a real person
0	how to send image	how to send proof of identity
0	always refunding progress	The seller is always offline and is not answering to my messages
1	did you understand my problem? yes or no	Eva did you understand my question
1	How to leave feedback in seller store	How can I leave poor rating for seller?
0	I just read that you have rejected my appeal!	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier has rejected by refund request
0	Eva, I have not received shipping and tracking info on my order. I also have messaged the seller 2 times within the last few days and have not received a reply.	I have few questions
1	i cannot pay for my item	I cannot pay for my order
1	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	Why I cannot upload photo?
1	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	I got charged twice. What can I do?
1	Should I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay my taxes and taxes?	Will I pay taxes over my purchase?
0	add additional feedback	Please add an invoice.
0	how do I report a fraud seller	How do I report abuse to feedback?
0	I still not hear Anything about mij contact we have before	What happens on my dispute as I still do not have refund
0	could you track the status of order	Could you please call
1	how do I cancel order	How do I cancel my order?
0	I am trying to buy an item with a $50 store promo coupon but when i go to pay it says i do not have any coupons although i clicked on the coupon mutiple time	I am trying to place an order, but when I click Buy Now button nothing happen
0	I just read that you have rejected my appeal!	I have just joined and have not received my confirmation email.
0	how to add video to dispute?	How to add product to Wish List
1	Can not pay in cash?	Can I pay for your order with cash?
0	order long time?	How long is processing time?
1	I want to place an order but I cannot	Why I cannot place order?
0	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	i want to pay with my bank card
0	the order is under the wrong email	My order was frozen after the order verification, related seller is under investigation.
0	My system goes straight to pay	I paid one time but money goes like I paid two times
1	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
1	I want to speak with the worker	i want to speak to a live person
0	So how can I do that	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
0	How do I get a coupon back	How do I get a coupon for a discount of $25?
1	I DON'T GET MY ORDER	i did not get my order
0	my name is Bill	Do you know my name?
1	i cant login my account	I have login problem
0	and have not received the item yet	I have received the order but item is not working
0	Verify email address	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
1	how to change to password?	How can I get my password back?
1	EVA I WANT TO TALK TO HUMAN	I want to talk to an employee
0	where is my items? I have not received my order yet	I have not received a partial refund of my order
0	i have a appeal in process	i have done that
0	I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please help	Can I buy more than one item at the same time?
1	cannot place an order?	I cannot place an order.
0	I'd like to know about extra fee. What is it? How can I use?	I would like to know how can I pay for an item?
0	My forms and documents are not going	I am having a trouble with my payment going through
0	Where do I submit my drivers license and credit card information to prove who i am?	Where do I find information on dispute?
0	appeal for dispute	Why there is no My Appeal?
0	should i take the package by myself?	It did not take my visa I called banks and they said it should work
0	Hi I want to buy something but seller have to adjust price, my system goes automatically and does not allow for seller to adjust please help	What if the seller does not want to cancel my order?
0	hi, how can I add photos?	How many items I can add to Shopping Cart?
0	How do i report the seller	How do I report abuse to feedback?
1	I'll talk to you later then	I want to talk to you
1	MONEY NOT RETURNED	you never returned my money
1	do you send payment to paypal	Do you take PayPal?
0	i want to recover deleted orders	I want to have my orders shipped together to my address
1	No because you do not want to help me	you can not help me
0	how to remove card?	how to remove goods already received
1	So, could you help me?	i have a problem with my order. could you help me?
1	The tracking number doesn't update	Why the tracking number is invalid?
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	I have received nothing.
0	cancel my order	I need to cancel order, in my order no option to cancel
0	I need help with my appeal	need help on my order
0	the transaction is completed	Open Dispute for completed orders
0	I just sent an email to you to get my credit card verified	If my order is not verified will I get my money back?
0	I can't write English	where I write a complaint?
0	how to check membership level?	How can I cancel my membership?
0	For example this store, How to find the item ship from USA	russia size from usa
0	remove my card details	How can I find the details for my order?
0	Why rewards points are going down?	What is Available Points?
0	I did not receive the refund	I did not receive the invoice
1	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	How can I open dispute if order complete?
1	is this a human being?	i want to get human
1	How to place order?	I want to place an order.
1	What happens if I don't get my refund	When will I get my refund?
0	How to leave feedback in seller store	How do I add seller store to favorite?
0	don't you understand me??	do you understand Chinese
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	Why does not TradeManager work?
0	Where I can find an information for a refused dispute	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	I have to pay more
0	Did you helped me?	do you marry me?
1	How to extend buyers protection?	I want to extend buying protection
1	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
0	how do i check my reward points	How do I check my order
0	save credit card	Supported credit card types
0	I have an account and I can not reconnect and I want to place an order and have an invoice	If I place an order today, can I have it tomorrow?
0	Credit card confirmation	Somebody used my credit card.
0	How do I use Warranty Service?	How do I use the coins?
0	my cart is empty	I cannot add the item to my cart
0	chat now not working	chat with an agent
0	I want to place an order but I cannot	I want to place the order from local store
1	I want to use another payment method	use other payment method
0	how to use seller coupon?	how to use coupon again
0	I can't open track order	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
0	I can`t enter my credit card	How can I pay my credit card for the goods?
0	how can I report a fraud seller	how can i protect myself from fraud
1	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	Why my order is closed?
0	i think my tracking number is a fake	Do I have a tracking number for my order?
1	how do I confirm goods?	How can I confirm the order?
0	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	Why is the payment method I want to use not available?
0	my card has been used by someone	This email address has been used, please enter another email address.
0	Hello, I cancelled my order. How long does it take to get my money back?	Can I get my money back when the order is cancelled?
0	I don't have my two orders. The tracking says delivery failed. I want refund.	I want to have my orders shipped together to my address
1	Where can I use my refund?	where can I get my refund details
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	I need an invoice for an order I placed
1	hello can you help me please have you time	Could you help me please
0	will My goods arrive directly to my hand or do I have to go to customs ofice	I already pay my order and supplier do not have the goods
0	having trouble logging in	I am having trouble creating an account
0	Hello, I would like to know how to sponsor a friend.	I would like to know how I can cancel my order.
0	It is not about the tracking order	it's about my order
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	Is there any other way I can place the order and pay for it using my Credit Card?
1	are you human? I need help	I need help.
0	Several times I make this same complaint, I already went to the bank and there is no refund, the last time I was offered to check, but I have not had an answer	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	Will I automatically get a refund if the seller does not ship my order?
0	how to cancel an account?	How to cancel dispute?
1	How can we talk to people in this service?	Can you speak Portuguese?
0	I can not leave feedback because the page is covered with text asking me to put stars	How do I change feedback stars?
1	I want to pay,	I want to pay for an order.
0	my email is	Ask for contact email
1	I need my refund	I need help with a refund
0	i make the payment but no shipment yet	How do I make payment with TEF?
0	I brought something and they done have it, so I need my refund	I have a dispute and the company has done nothing to resolve the problem
0	Is nobody online for helping	so nobody help me
1	my Shipment cancelled	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
1	how to get invoice	I need an invoice with the goods purchased and value. How do I get it?
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
0	How to check select coupon	cannot use Select Coupon
0	I didn't received goods but i cant open dispute	dispute escalated but i received the goods. how to close it
1	I need to open a dispute	I want to open dispute
0	how to check if seller is reliable.	How do I check Feedback Profile of a seller?
0	when I open a dispute	I am unable to open a dispute
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	im going to kill you
0	how do i upload a photo?	Why I cannot upload photo?
0	saying i didn't communicate	it keeps saying i have no account
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	how I can add to wish list
0	Can you tell me when will I order my order Me 2017-05-22 12:05 hello I have already written twice that you have not received my order. And you have cheated twice	can you check it for me and tell me what's going on with my order
0	May 8 send a phone to return to the address indicated and still do not know anything and nobody contacts me.	How do I know whether they send out the items or not?
0	where is the coupon page?	Where do I get the checkout page?
0	I only want my money back that is my only question	I only speak Russia
0	I have been using American express until it was expired.	I have been cheated
0	I would like to get in touch with responsible for marketing in sweden...	I would like to know when I will get my refund.
0	I can't log in,i forgot my password and I can't find the verification code in my email,I tried a few ties already	How do I find my verification code?
1	hello, I had received massage through phone app that my order delivered, but however the item I did not receive	I did not receive my order
1	The shipment ME requested did not come as it was replaced by another product	Buy a product and have not come to my country
1	how I can contact with you	How can I contact you via email?
0	Hello, I'd like to join your affiliate program and I'd like to use my YouTube channel. Can I use my YouTube channel link for the website	I received a discount coupon I would like to know how can I use
0	I am saying you only take us dollars?	I am trying to make an order but it keeps saying error
0	fast shipping method	Which shipping method is better?
0	There is a problem with the system	Before check system
0	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	How do I get my user name?
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	How do I pay for items?
1	how to add video to my dispute	How to add video in my dispute?
0	i did not receive my refund yet	My order is shipped but I did not receive it.
1	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	May I know the progress of my order
0	It turns out that I received the order but it was in poor condition. It's deteriorated. Sorry for my writing, but I do not know English and I'm using a translator.	I do not know much English
1	i am fine	fine thanks and you?
1	I just sent an email to you to get my credit card verified	I has sent all documents for credit card verification. What will happen?
0	Please investigate my problem	I have a problem with my shipment
0	I just want to know if my order has been sent	I want to know my order
0	cannot place an order?	I cannot place my order from Washington.
0	its about login area	What is area number?
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	Where is dispute information?
0	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	I did not see any order history but my credit card was charged
1	after received item I found out it is not working	I have received the order but item is not working
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	Can I communicate with a live person
0	whar do you think l do and why do not spanish that are the ones that have to attend eh? l'm tryng	Why you do not have PayPal?
0	how to put credit card number	How do I receive a refund by credit card?
1	Escalate Judgement from AE	Can you escalate the dispute for me?
1	I placed an order the order was not shipped I paid for the order and shipping fee I was only refunded my order fee only and shipping fee was not refunded why?	Return shipping fee
0	how to check your order number	Did you check on my issues with order number
0	problem with the bad seller	You are a bad man.
0	how do i search for seller	How do I blacklist a seller?
0	I have a questions	supplier is not answering my questions
0	my order status is closed wahy???	My order status not changed
0	how to file complaint	how do I close a complaint
0	how to re open a dispute	How do I open an dispute?
0	I can't find the iDeal icon in my payment options	How do I find out if my payment went through?
0	I can only speak Japanese. However, you can respond at the translation site.	can i speak with you from telephone?
0	what a fuck is that what are you doing there	i want to fuck you
0	I'm from Pakistan and want to re sell your products	The policies in my country are too strict for importing products from your site
0	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	If I returned the package to my provider, should I extend the processing time?
0	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	I mean did you take tbc here	Will you be here everyday?
1	how can I get sellers address	How do I get the address of a seller?
0	Dispute in Progress means	What does The supplier has partially shipped your order" means?"
1	here you have order number	do you have a tel number?
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	When am I going to get my order?
0	extend delivery time	Is it necessary to extend processing time?
1	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	My package was shipped the wrong method
1	how can I report a fraud seller	How do I report a seller?
0	i just sent a post	the seller promised me EMS delivery, but sent China post
0	If your order shows 'order cancel',	Why my order shows dispute closed?
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	What does sold by piece mean?
0	extend delivery time	Can I extend feedback time?
0	Question about selling	i have a question about my order
0	fabric on children's clothes	it's supposed to be the first woman's name ever!
0	but my seller not reply	Cannot type in the reply box
0	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	I am getting an error message when making my credit card payment.
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I have a problem with payment
0	I can not leave feedback because the page is covered with text asking me to put stars	Can I leave a private feedback?
0	can you ck only order?	When I order something, can I only order 1 quantity?
0	i am fine	I am waiting
0	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	any product can be shipped to my country
0	I do not want partial refund, I want full refund	I want the refund of the claim.
0	i did all of it	I want to cancel all my orders.
0	This doesnt work.	how to you get to work
0	seller shipping address	My shipping address is not in English
0	NET PAYMENT CAN I MAKE	How can I make payment with my coupons
0	shipping in Iran	Who will pay for return shipping?
0	it does not show me the seller am looking for	Why does my order show repeated?
1	how can help me	can your company help me
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	I need the price
1	How old are you	How old are you?
0	I have paid twitch	I have paid
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
0	i need open dispute	When can I open a dispute?
1	please give phone number customer service i have problem paying for 2 days know	customer service phone number
1	Please pay attention to what is happening please...	please tell me what happened to my items
1	i need call with you	can I call you
0	I just read that you have rejected my appeal!	When I placed my order the card kept getting rejected
0	my shipment cancelled	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
1	you can help m	Yes can you help
1	I can't open dispute and how can I contact to my seller?	How can I contact the seller to send information?
1	how to exchange coins	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
1	how can help me	is there somebody can help me
1	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	I was charged twice for the same order
0	ship to iran	ship to somewhere else
0	check out page	the seller page no longer exists
0	So please delete my new account.	Can you generate a new password for my account?
0	open a dispute.	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	appeal for dispute	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	The shipment of my product has been cancelled. Can't contact the seller	My order has been frozen due to suspicious seller activity
0	How do I get coupons or discounts	How do I use my coupons?
0	sorry, you cannot help me	will you help me or what?
1	to ask someone for my order	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	i need helper	I need your help
0	my order no. is	Why my order was disappeared?
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	I want to open dispute for my order
0	If I order a shipping free product, do i need to pay for custom duty in my country??	Can I get free shipping?
0	my last commande i buy this	Why I cannot see my last orders?
0	i need to open dispute	I need open dispute but do not have the option
0	is there somebody?	I want to send my wishlist to somebody else
1	Don't bother helping. This is not helping.	Not helping at all
1	i want to change my password	I lost my password
1	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	I need cancel my order
0	i accidentally cancelled my order	I have paid for my orders but the sellers have cancelled my order
0	how to file payment appeal?	File Claim function
1	add videos on dispute	How to add video?
1	how do i use select coupon	Why I cannot use Select Coupon?
0	upload video evidence.	How long is the examination of the evidence of the dispute?
0	how to open a dispute?	how to check dispute reason
0	to find my order number etc.	this i my order number
0	I want e-mail	How long does it takes from I placed my order until i get an e-mail?
0	Hello! Is it posible to see what rewiews sellers have given about me? Where can I find the rewiews?	Where can I see reply from supplier?
0	watch for me please	Please call me
0	How can I put the store on the black list?	How can I change my email? I put a wrong email.
0	how to get the order number	How do I get photos without store number?
1	I need a real person for help	can i speak to a real person not computer to help me
0	I cancel order and status refund ist not change	I need to change the refund amount on my order
1	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	why don't you have customer care number
0	how no phone number i been on this service for over a hour	I have been over charged
0	I can not make an appeal	Can I make the payment in the local currency?
1	i am very upset	i am very FRUSTRATED NOW
0	I want to buy a product with free delivery	Can I have a reduction on the product I want to buy
1	my order no. is	my Order NO
0	I wanted to buy something and in the payment options, only creditcard is available	What are the available payment methods?
0	Problem not solved.	ok no problem
0	i have a problem with the seller	i have a problem with the order
1	how to edit profile	How can I edit my profile?
0	seller shipping address	my shipping address P.O box
0	Not yet shipped	Why have not I get a refund yet?
0	How to add a card to my account	How can i add user in my chat
1	restore order list	I cannot find it in my order list
1	How do I add evidence or respond to my escalated dispute?	How do I provide evidence to support my claim?
0	good evening I did not receive a parcel because it was handed over to another person I opened a dispute but the seller insists that the parcel is in customs and is in the hands of a carrier But I contacted the customs and posters, the parcel was delivered	I accidentally confirmed receipt of the parcel, the parcel has not even arrived.
0	I want refund	I want details of my refund
0	Hope you can understand. Looking forward to hearing from you to confirm, thank you in advance. Best regards.	you are best
0	i need to chat now	Internet Explorer Script Error comes when I click on I am online chat now
0	but my seller not reply	Where is the reply?
1	I produced the video of the second faulty flashlight	How to add video in my dispute?
1	How can i get an order receipt or invoice?	How do I get invoice?
0	I can not cancel the dispute.	Can I cancel preorder?
0	Impossible to create account	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	This is over 30 days I guess. Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	Can I leave a private feedback?
0	I hope you understand what I said	I have to buy product, do not understand the size
1	how to open a dispute for complete order	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
0	the seller changed the shipping method?	Which shipping method is better?
0	I can't open dispute	Can I open a finished dispute
1	is this a human being?	any human there
0	Do I need to pay custom duty	I want to get a dress custom made how do I do this
0	but more then 20 days is happen still payment not get	Why the parcel is not traced for more than 20 days?
1	i'm so disappointed, the last 3 product I orders on 1 in January and 2 in february still didn't arrive. From now how to have a confidence to order anything else!!!	Until now I still have not reached my order
0	can you send goods to iran?	The seller refuses to send goods
0	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	i received my product, but it is too small, can i change it?
1	upload evidence video	How to attach the video to the dispute?
1	I need a real person to chat	I want to talk to real person
0	I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I paid and my order was canceled by email.
0	please i have a problem	i have a problem with an order
1	impossible to join contact customer support	How can I contact customer support?
0	how to edit contact	How do i edit my feedback left?
0	How do i add evidence?	How do I add shipping address?
0	No, I need an answer from you.	you never have an answer
0	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	is there any way you can call me or can i call you
0	ORDER MESSAGE AND SELLER MESSAGE?	Can not leave message to seller
0	OMG I keep losing the conversation wtf?	Why it keep ask me to sign in when I make payment?
0	email us button	Do you have sellers from the US?
0	when i log in on computer, my wishlist is not updated. It's not same as on my apps	I have problem with my computer
0	I made a purchase, send it to the wrong address, and it looks like it will return, how do I get my product	I would like my product to be deliver at a new address
1	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	How to add video in my dispute?
0	will My goods arrive directly to my hand or do I have to go to customs ofice	What do I do if my package is detained by customs?
0	Its the 5 time I contact my order is not coming	I like to order a product but I do not know how to contact the company
1	how to advance search	How do I use the Advanced Search?
1	verify the email	How to verify account?
0	ok please contact me with other people	How can I share my wish list with other people?
0	how to open a dispute on app	How to open dispute for completed order
0	How long is my order arriving? Is it over? Will I have the refund?	I have escalated an order and have not been updated in over a week.
1	Can I talk with a REAL person?	Do you have a contact phone number so I can talk to a real person?
0	How can I collect my order in cart?	How can I empty my cart?
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	What can I do about a seller sending me inappropriate vulgar messages.
0	i want to ship the order in china	I place an order to be shipped through fedex but the supplier ship it with china post
1	how to upload picture to dispute	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	order detail page	after i receive an order, how do I get rid of it on my order page
0	The seller is not refunding me	find a diamond seller for me
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	I paid for my order, and I am being asked to pay it again, what do I do?
0	what is an appeal	What is a lot?
0	it does not show me the seller am looking for	I am looking for a seller I ordered before. Can you help me?
1	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	Why my order have been closed?
0	You are saying anything about my refund	you could tell me about my process of dispute.
0	How to Disable automatic login to russian site	so many automatic answers?
0	how do i go to customer care	How can i go to checkout?
0	shipment was cancelled	What is the shipment cost?
0	and i am out of time	the time to open dispute had ran out
1	I need a real person for help	is there any real person that can help me
0	how to remove card?	How to remove unnecessary orders?
1	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	When am I going to get my order?
1	How do I manage my shopping cart	How do I cancel products in my Shopping Cart?
0	how do i upload a photo?	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	dispute time is over	How much time to resolve a dispute?
1	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	When will I get my refund for the cancelled order
0	I had not receive my merchandise	will i receive my order on time?
0	but I would like to know if it's possible for me to get samples or pay for samples of some of the products before I buy large quantities	I would like to talk to someone before I buy
0	I dont understand	i dont speak english
1	contact the seller?	Is there any method to contact the seller?
1	I want to call	can I call u?
1	how to report the seller?	How do I report a seller?
0	how to find order number?	How do I find a supplier by his store number?
0	how to make an appeal	How do I make payments?
0	Hello The reimbursement has been made but it still does not exist I buy but not accepted	What does an order has been closed mean?
0	cancel awaiting for payment	Why my order status says awaiting your payment?
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	How do I get price in Indian currency?
0	i do all -and cant	How do I delete all in cart?
0	Credit card confirmation	where to upload credit card statement
0	The status is finished but I have nothing.	I have paid by Bank Transfer. Why the order status has not changed?
1	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	I have not received my order I can not see any track of it on my account
0	I can't pay when I try to order a product and ship it to Mexico	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
1	I'd like to cancel my order.	I would like to know how I can cancel my order.
0	Im interested in purchasing 7 chinese wall lights need little more information	Need more time to check
0	At what time should I contact you to receive help?	what size should I order?
0	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	I am failed to open a dispute
0	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	whether the seller send goods to my country?
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	How can I receive a verification email to confirm my account?
1	I only want my money back that is my only question	How can I get back my money?
1	I have a problem with the bad seller	I have a problem with seller
0	My app coins are not added. What can I do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	Hi Eva, i purchased baby girl clothes in February and still haven't received it	I have never received the product purchased
0	Good Morning. I paid the order ticket and without wanting to cancel it, can you activate it again please?	I placed an order and paid. I want to cancel it.
1	how to use bank transfer?	How do we proceed to pay by bank transfer?
0	the order is under the wrong email	My order does not appear under My Orders tab
0	i cannot send any message to the vendors	Cannot see message that I sent out
0	hi i want to know refund status	i wanted to know the order status
1	Can u please talk to me	talk to me
0	Is it true that I have to cancel the dispute before they can process a refund?	Can I change size I choose before?
1	about my order	about my order
1	how to report your seller	I want to report seller
0	I have gone through what you have suggested and it has not helped. I need to have my account either deleted or my password for the email and user name reset. Please put your boss on.	Your suppliers have used my brand name without my consensus. Where do i need to report this case?
0	my card has been used by someone	Someone used my email address to open an account
0	which country do you live?	do you ship in my country?
0	l ordered from spain to spain now they send the order from china?	I want to know if I am in Spain, how long I wait?
0	unable to place an order	i just place an order
0	Money has not been paid	Sorry, your payment was not successful! No money has been deducted.
0	I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me an error when sending	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
0	How do i add evidence?	How do I add it to store list?
1	seller made no response	unable to get response from seller
1	how to use paypal	Am I able to use PayPal to make a payment?
1	return shipping address of the seller	What is your return address?
0	I made the payment first.	I made a duplicate payment by mistake
0	so? i can;t	I want to return money. I can not wait so long.
1	Can american express be used?	Can I use American Express card?
0	i have done done all tracking	this request is on the progress, when will the refund be done?
0	how to set my currency	How to set my password?
0	How can I add paypal	how I can add to wish list
0	I need to know my order status	I do not know when the status Was suspicious order
0	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	I am so happy today.
1	how to add video to my dispute	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
1	I have problem tracking one of my order it over 15days now	I have a problem on the order tracking
0	how to block notification	How to complain?
0	have talked to you yesterday and was told this will be resolved within a day	i wanna told with the admin
1	why is my order showing shipment cancelled?	Why my order is cancelled?
0	Please cancel my account as details are wrong	Please cancel my order. I do not want it anymore.
0	I had received the order, I dont need refund.	I had an argument for this order. when I refund?
1	I canceled my order without giving cargo but could you help my param still not getting into the account?	My order keeps getting cancelled and I am not getting my money back
0	how do i cancel order?	How do I cancel confirmation of an order?
0	Good afternoon, please, I forgot my access password and I do not know the email and I made a purchase, how do I do it?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I am not satisfied with dispute result. What can I do?	I am having trouble with one seller. What can I do?
0	my orders were cancelled	I have several orders that were paid but not sent to me.
0	can you dance for me?	Can you earn money for me?
1	Don't bother helping. This is not helping.	you dont get what i say to you
0	upload evidence video	I cannot upload the attachment
0	where is my items? I have not received my order yet	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	I have received my order, how to confirm?
1	would prefer to call	need to call
1	Can I reopen a dispute	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	i dont want to cancel	I want to cancel the order. There is mistake.
1	I can only speak Japanese. However, you can respond at the translation site.	Can you speak
0	Not satisfied with dispute	i have a dispute with the seller
1	and l do not know english and the translator is not going	I know my english is not very good sorry
0	Iam doing singing in my account but it is not working	What are you doing now?
0	how to remove card?	how to remove unnecessary unpaid order?
1	I am saying you only take us dollars?	I am from Brazil so I pay REAL or only in Dollar?
0	I have a question about taxes	i have a question
0	Don't remember account login name and password, how to operate can I find my account name and password?	I cannot log in my account, there is no field to write my email and password
1	how to I search for a specific store name?	How can i search a store?
0	hello, there no chat now available since yesterday until now. why?	Internet Explorer Script Error comes when I click on I am online chat now
0	was my credit card billed	I want my refund to another credit card
0	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	Can you tell me if this seller is good or not?
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	May I know support email?
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	I sent email to seller how do I read the answer and how do I know when they answer
1	hi there, I need help	I need help man.
1	it showed failed to log page	Why I cannot log in
0	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
1	I am from India, mumbai. any taxes or custom duty is applicable	Is there any tax if I want my product in India?
0	i need to locate a store	I am unable to locate my order
0	add card on payment	Why the payment is debited from the card twice?
1	watch for me please	Please answer me!
0	how do I place order	will not accept debit how can I place order
0	how can I open a dispute?	When can I open dispute?
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	I do not have a credit card, how can I pay?
0	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	I have not received the order. The seller does not answer questions.
0	OF THIS YOU HAVE NOT BEEN MADE YOU MUST PAY	how much I must pay for customs duties and tax
0	How to edit my phone number	How to have a phone number please?
1	impossible to join contact customer support	customer support is absolutely useless!
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	How long does it takes from I placed my order until i get an e-mail?
0	order closed payment not processed	Can I transfer my payment for the order closed to another order?
0	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	How do I extend the product receipt time?
1	I need change may email because I don't localize my email and I need to buy	I need change the email address.
0	This chat REALLY SUCKS.	chat with an agent
1	I cannot upload photo in dispute	I cannot upload a jpeg picture.
0	I have already via this page and it was no problem.	I have a problem with this order
0	how to delete messages	how to delete unpaid order
0	how can I adjust the product at the time of delivery??	How can I order a product?
0	Where do I submit my drivers license and credit card information to prove who i am?	How do I receive refunds if my credit card is changed?
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	The seller has not shipped item
0	the same thing happen to me with the chinese sellers on EBAY	Is it other charges for me when the thing arrive my country?
0	when i log in on computer, my wishlist is not updated. It's not same as on my apps	How can I log out my account?
0	how can i change my credit card details	How do I change my bank details?
0	it said: tracking details will be available in 10 days	The seller said that the goods lost.
0	SPSR shipping method	How can I change shipping method?
1	How do I cancel account?	how to cancel my account
0	Can you see where it is	where can I see what I paid for?
1	how can I pay paypal?	How can I pay for my order using PayPal?
0	It is not about the tracking order	about my order
1	how to report the seller.?	How do I report a seller?
0	how to reset account passwords	How to delete my account?
0	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	How do I respond to the seller message?
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	I would like to know if you accept American Express
0	the transaction is completed	My transaction completed but I want to open dispute
0	yes i did multiple orders	How do you ship multiple orders?
0	Hi. My dispute status is: Status: "Awaiting seller's receipt confirmation" and it is 7 days given for the seller to confirm the reception. Those 7 days have already passed but i have no refund for this dispute	I have already paid for my orde, but the order status has not changed
0	Hello, my payment is not going through and I know my credit card works	Why my dispute is not going through?
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons??	My payment did not go through
0	I just want to remove credit card from site	I want to about Credit Card Refund
0	please clear the cookies in your browser?	please fix your message center
0	I filled out the form for appeal but I can not send it	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	i want to get receipt	i want to get human
1	i want to return	I received it but want to return it
0	i want to pay with skrill	Do I pay for delivery?
0	Check the refund on my card.	I want my refund to another credit card
1	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	I have been charged twice for my order
0	Need you to confirm my credit card	Why you do not accept my credit card?
1	Why are the answers automatically? I do not want to talk to the vendor.	I want to talk to person
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my escalated dispute?	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
0	I did not change my address. After collecting my additional money, I was told that the seller does not ship to my region.	Can I change my Shipping Address after placing an order?
0	Can you tell me if you are able to accept paypal for payments	can you tell me what ESCROW is?
0	i cant pay for my item	I would like to pay for all the item at once
1	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	my order status is closed wahy???	My order is closed for No Shipment.
0	i have not recieved my money	I have shipped back my items and have not received my money back
1	once again i will try, it can work my visa gift card	Why will not my gift card work?
0	I still have the problem that I do not change the product sent nok	do you marry me?
1	i have forgot my password	I forgot my password
0	i need the last 4 digits	If I ordered 4 items and received 2 of them, do I click confirm order?
0	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	hello I have a problem with a store
0	why not received a reward from lucky forest	I have not received my refund from the seller
0	how can i change my credit card details	I want details of my refund
0	buyer protection has ended	Is Buyer Protection the same as Escrow?
0	How do I remove my email address	How do I find seller's email address?
0	how do i add shipping address?	How do I change the shipping address?
0	i just want to log in but where is my password	I cannot log in my account, there is no field to write my email and password
0	Make a purchase and ask for my documents for the appeal	Did you receive my verification documents?
0	so answer me"!"/!/"	could you answer me in English please?
0	today i saw something that i want to buy. I is on sale. the sale is due to close now. I cannot buy because I cannot log onto the site. What can I do?	I click Buy Now but cannot process the order
0	My question is not there	when can i get the answer of my question
0	can you please tell me when my orders will be delivered	Please tell me what my dispute status is.
0	how can I remove from cart?	how do I remove items from my required payments list?
1	I need a real person to chat	Can i speak to a real person?
0	what is the meaning of Cancelled Orders Finished	removing finished orders
0	will you deliver to company	How many days will it take to deliver my package to UK?
0	I bought the wrong product when the money is due	I just bought a product and need it to be sent to a different address
0	My credit data has to be updated. How should I do it? can you guide me to do that please	Do you charge me bank service fees if I pay for my orders with credit card?
0	just a moment	I just ask a question
0	I canceled my product but there was no refund	My product was canceled by suspicious seller
0	i don't receive my order	my order can't go through
1	So please delete my new account.	Can you delete my account
0	it said it was unsuccessful in loading it	I paid for an order but it said that is still waiting payment
0	hello, there no chat now available since yesterday until now. why?	The messages were just: Nothing is available to order now
0	how to change card	How to change reason
0	I am still not able to pay my orders	I am not able to add to my wish list
0	and will they all be the same design	Not helping at all
1	hi where can i change my shipping address?	How can I change the wrong shipping address?
1	how do I get my order number	How can I find my order number?
0	how to check coupon?	How to check if I have refund or not?
1	I forgot the login account id and password, what should I do?	How do I get login ID?
1	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	Why I cannot buy my goods?
1	I thought this was supposed to be a live chat?	i need a live person to chat with
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	How do I change my phone number?
0	How to get refund from Mercado pago	How can I see the refund I get
0	how do I get the order number	How do I get coupon?
0	They send me that	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
1	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	How can I change my payment to another card?
0	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	I request a refund but the seller does not respond.
0	and its cost me in my health already	My order was canceled. Could you send back the cost?
0	I do not know the problem	How do I know this is secure?
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	Can I contact other buyers?
0	I had received the order, I dont need refund.	Why I had an order canceled?
0	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
0	I received a refund but not total why?	I never received my refund
0	I can not use a coupon or get discount.	How can I use a coupon?
0	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	i want your boss
1	are you human? I need help	I need your help
0	Hi, can you help me?	talk to me
0	but when i am not in my account, i mean when i view as guest, i can view the info page	When I receive email with my order i click on it but it say i can not view
0	You do not understand anything I tell you.	talk to me
0	how to chance shipping method?	I want to know the delivery time of each shipping method
0	can i order on company name?	What is the name of the shipping company?
1	Hello, I wish to know the status of my dispute	I wonder the status of my dispute
0	i cant login my account	Why I can not login via Facebook?
0	i cant track my orders	I want to track my shipment
0	my account does not allow me to place orders until I validate my account VIA appeal form	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
1	I want to talk to a man.	i want to talk to a person
0	Hi i need top ten items sold in 2017	I just want to say Hi.
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	Can you issue invoice for order which I just received?
1	how do I change coins into coupon	How do I redeem my coins?
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	I am not able to add to my wish list
0	how to edit profile	How do I check Feedback Profile of a seller?
0	Can can send my email	I can not send a message
0	After 15 days, no dispute has been opened	I have a dispute order that has been closed.
1	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	Why I can not use my credit card?
0	Hope you can understand. Looking forward to hearing from you to confirm, thank you in advance. Best regards.	Hope can talk with you again tomorrow.
0	Why is the shipment cancelled	I want to reorder with cancelled amount
0	you can't help me you are a computer	are you a computer
1	Why can't I place an order	Why I cannot place order?
0	this happened twice already	Why I was charged twice?
1	I want to talk to a man.	I want to talk with one
0	kinds of payment method	Can I send a check as a payment method?
0	Hi! How fast can you ship to Norway?	Can you send my orders fast?
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us dollars or our currency?	I am sick of you.
0	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	Do you have a phone number so i can place my order?
1	don't you understand me??	How can you don't know?
1	impossible to join contact customer support	customer support email
1	can i talk to a customer service team	customer service team email
0	i can not pay with IDEAL, my bank said there is nothing wrong with my IDEAL,	It did not take my visa I called banks and they said it should work
0	how can I know what type of seeds I have received. There is only a bag of seeds in the parcel. Nothing more. I have three bags now	How can I know more about the product?
0	I have new mail	can I send you e-mail?
0	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	Is there any ways you can combine different sellers' orders into one shipment?
1	I need a real person, please	Can i speak to a real person?
0	I click the PAY NOW button and it says every time that there has been and erros so I cant pay my order	I pressed Pay Now button 3 times. What can I do?
0	where is the appeal button?	The open dispute button is blocked.
0	hello, I had received massage through phone app that my order delivered, but however the item I did not receive	I can not open a dispute since confirmed that I had received an order
0	how to place order without paying	How can I place an order in specified size?
1	change the size	How can I change size?
1	how can I leave a feedback	How do I leave feedback?
1	is there a phone number i may call?	i need a number to call a representative
0	a link should open up in my browser but it is broken and does nothing even though the little "hand" appears when hovering over	there is no link in my email to verify it. what should i do
0	nice meet you too	Nice talking with you.
0	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	Thank you I'll try.
0	how to pay using idea	How can i pay for my goods using my coupons?
0	dispute time is over	Why it is a long time to solve the dispute?
0	Hello I am havin this message when trying to buy something For system security reasons, we need to verify your identity. Please check your email within 24 hours for instructions regarding additional information to provide to us to complete the verification	your working hours
0	It's being only today I have received it	i only have a debit card what should i do
0	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	I cancelled an order and have not been refunded
0	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	I do not want to pay taxes
0	my orders are doubled how do I start over	Will I pay taxes over my purchase?
0	my order was processed without me confirming payment details	Supplier change the order price without my permission
0	reply me soon	Cannot type in the reply box
0	how to apply feedback	How to report feedback abuse?
1	How are you today?	How do you feel today?
0	before placing order	Can I change my Shipping Address after placing an order?
1	can I change size	Can I change the size?
0	How do i extend buyer protection	How do I pay securely without Buyer Protection?
0	I still have not made the refund?	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	cannot leave feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	really so I have to stay online for yet another half hour?	so what i have to do
0	not save card	I want to save shipping cost by sending my packages together. Is that possible?
0	Where can I use my refund?	Where can I get a refund for a defective product?
1	once again i will try, it can work my visa gift card	Can I pay with gift card?
1	what is escrow fee	escrow fee order cancel
0	i am a little afraid my order has gotten lost. it has been 20 days and has not left china?	my order has not been shipped
0	Where I can find an information for a refused dispute	Where can I find previous orders?
0	l paid an extra for the delivery because i need it in the short term	Supplier ask extra money
0	refund and return	I made ??a refund but received the order. How do I return money to the seller?
0	you not understand me to help us	will you help me or what?
0	need Artificial services	Are you Artificial Intelligence?
0	Who is the seller	seller who refuses to answer to my emails
0	I want to charge the fee.	Can I charge with Euro?
1	hello, I had received massage through phone app that my order delivered, but however the item I did not receive	My order is shipped but I did not receive it.
0	this is my pleasure	my answer is not in
0	i have to have a refund	I have not received the refund but I won the dispute
0	i receive the order after getting refund	When will i receive my refund after order is cancelled?
0	I canceled after payment	Why has my order not been refunded after it was canceled
1	I cannot open a dispute	Why I cannot open dispute?
0	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	I have this order closed by system. What happens with my money?
0	I wanted to buy something and in the payment options, only creditcard is available	I wanna buy something but I cannot buy it. What should I do?
0	I tried paying for an order today but it comes back saying the expiry date is wrong. My expiry date is OK 02/20. This happened about a month ago but was fixed. But, it's happening again.	can we go for a date?
1	I want to talk with human	I want to talk to an employee
0	I paid this shoes I HAVEN'T NEVER RECEIVE	What are guarantees that I will receive the product I paid for?
1	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	I selected the option of receiving my order by mistake
0	How do I stop seller sending messages?	how do i get messages?
0	I can't find the iDeal icon in my payment options	Can I get other paying options other than the credit card?
1	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	should i pay tax if i order from china
1	I need your help...	yes i need your help
1	how can I remove from cart?	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
0	hi good night	Did you have a good sleep last night?
0	how to add the reward points	How to add video in my dispute?
0	so can't do bank payment if t	Who will pay for the bank service fee when making payment by Bank Transfer?
0	I didnt receive a single order that i made from Apr	I send different suppliers into one single shipment
1	Hi Eva! need to delete my old credit card and register a new credit card	I saved my credit card but I need to replace it with a new one
1	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	i have placed an order
0	How do I know my product from the delivery date?	Do you do wholesale?
0	Several times I make this same complaint, I already went to the bank and there is no refund, the last time I was offered to check, but I have not had an answer	I am having trouble becoming a member, I have tried several times.
0	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	My order was canceled, what can I do?
0	delete wish list	How to add product to Wish List
0	My order is very late, and the vendor do not reply my messages	how do i get my refund i am not getting reply to my requests
0	how to upload picture	I cannot see the picture
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to buy many items in one order. What about the shipment?
1	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	how can I remove from cart?	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	add additional feedback	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	I have already send the proof to your colleagues	I have already made the payment and do not send me the order
0	order detail page	the seller page no longer exists
0	how to delete items in wish list	Add items from wish list to shopping cart
0	please clear the cookies in your browser?	please tell me your Customer Service email address
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	The email address that I registered with the site is wrong.
0	can i buy from Iran	buy from different suppliers
1	HI, Anyone there can answer my question? thanks	Would it be possible you answer my question
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	How can I get some high heel tips?
0	i accidentally cancelled my order	will I get my money back if the order is cancelled
0	how to have a developer account via please?	I want to reactivate my account. Please help.
0	I have not received the shipment	How do I know if I will have to pay duty on a shipment
0	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	when a seller does not answer my mail what do i have to do
0	how I pay money for my product what I choose	How do I pay for my product in Brazilian money?
0	Top ten items which sold in 2017 at top	What happens if a item is sold out
1	I try now	thanks a lot I'll try
0	the chat button does not work	live chat button
0	did not receive my refund	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
0	But i have paid it	I have been scammed
0	I do not have a French translation	I have sent money to a bank account CITIBANK N. A. SINGAPORE BRANCH.
1	I have gone through what you have suggested and it has not helped. I need to have my account either deleted or my password for the email and user name reset. Please put your boss on.	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	Good morning, Eva. It is possible to verify a request made by me because DHL did not identify my purchase by the tracking code.	I made the payment slip, but my request is listed as not paid.
0	can i know my payment status	Can I cancel my order if the order status says Payment Processing?
0	No, you do not see it.	I do not see any button Respond
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do I change my order?
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to make one payment for your items.
0	How to upload MP4 in dispute	i cannot upload a photo
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	Why it keep ask me to sign in when I make payment?
0	order detail page	Page not available
0	How to set that no one can send message	How to set my password?
0	What is the maximum amount of time a dispute lasts?	I need to file a dispute but the limit time is gone. what could i do?
0	i did not receive the products	I order something and I did not receive an email
0	how can i remove order received from my order list	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	system unavailable try again later
0	hello! may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	What can I do if the parcel is returned?
0	feedback is not showing	My order is showing Fund Processing
0	canceled no shipment	shipment takes very long
0	add email address	How do I add another shipping address?
1	i did not receive my refund	Why did not I receive refund?
0	still haven't received my refund	What happens on my dispute as I still do not have refund
0	Can you guys ship out the items with 1 day shipping?	can you ship to california
1	i ordered the item in april	i have already ordered an item
0	l ordered from spain to spain now they send the order from china?	How long will it take from china to my country
0	I want to order many items but my account is under appeal	I want to see where my items
0	estimated time delivery	What is on-time delivery?
0	Is nobody online for helping	You customer service is not helping
0	Not satisfied with dispute	Dispute Case NO
0	how to feedback	How do I delete a feedback?
1	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	The item does not work properly
0	They sent me a defective product. Both products are not the same. I just demand the fee.	I just bought a product and need it to be sent to a different address
0	How to verify your account	how long it take to verify the payment?
0	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	can you read?	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
0	how to add passport information	How do I delete my information
0	restore order list	I mistakenly canceled the order. How do I restore it?
0	How do I use select coupon	How do I use seller coupon?
0	de fault address	The shipping address is not available
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	He has sent me really nasty emails
0	I can't open dispute	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
0	how to upload videos	How can I upload the file?
0	Wanting place an order but the system don't put it in my basket	I have this order closed by system. What happens with my money?
0	How to delete coupon?	how to delete unpaid order
1	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	I have not got any confirmation after I paid for my order
0	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	the seller wrote me that the item is not available
0	Cancelled Orders is showing order list means	remove orders from my transaction list
0	delivery time filter, you can specify	Can you send my orders all together in the same delivery?
1	How to deactivate my account in app?	How to delete my account?
0	How long is my order arriving? Is it over? Will I have the refund?	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
1	nice to meet you too	nice to meet you
0	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	I registered on your site but did not get any coupon
1	it does not show me the seller am looking for	I am looking for suppliers
1	how can i remove order received from my order list	remove orders from my transaction list
0	I have not received the shipment	I only received a partial shipment
0	this isn't helping	You customer service is not helping
0	My system goes straight to pay	I want to pay for my order.
1	EVA I WANT TO TALK TO HUMAN	I want to contact a human
1	how to add evidence to dispute?	How to add video in my dispute?
0	I Am waiting for my refund	I made the payment through bank transfer, but my order is still waiting for payment.
0	I want to verify if my order was processed	Cannot verify my email
0	Looking for suppliers	buy from different suppliers
1	i just have a question	I just ask a question
0	What is sellers coupon	What is the coupon for VIP members?
1	So are you not able to help?	Are u able to help me
0	Where to see coupon page	Where can i see response from supplier?
0	Impossible to create account	How do I create my account?
0	Hello, I'v received a message for refund.	I have received the goods and I also received full refund.
0	Who is your boyfriend?	Who are you?
1	don't you understand me??	You do not understand me
0	Hello, I wish to know the status of my dispute	i wanted to know the order status
1	I want to cancel the order	I want to cancel my order and get refund.
0	hello i have tried many times to get my money back	will I get my money back if the order is cancelled
0	A long time ago I forgot what my password was. I tried to get somebody to help me bust nobody would. I stopped buying things from the website.	I want to send my wishlist to somebody else
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	Why do items take so long to ship to my country?
1	hi, i see this link but i have question.	I have one question.
0	i am having problems sending my id	I am having problems with attachments.
0	How to extend buyers protection?	How do I extend the processing time?
0	i want coupon	How can I use the coupon or coupon code?
0	did i not create an account when I ordered my product	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
1	exchange coins to coupons	How do I use the coins?
0	Ich use invoices.	will never use this site again
0	why can i search for sex products on app	How do I set the search keyword to locate the products I want?
0	no i want to sell	I only need one item, but the supplier does sell in lot
1	i cannot delete the order	how to delete unpaid order
1	talk with human	I need a human assistant
1	Can I chat a person? Robot eva is not getting it	are you a real person or a robot?
0	add a friend	hello my friend
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	How long does it takes from I placed my order until i get an e-mail?
0	earn more about new features!	Can I know more about Western Union?
0	As I can't do appeal	HOW CAN I DO THAT?
1	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	Due to a system error, I cannot pay orders
0	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	I already made payment but not yet received email confirmation
0	I want a job at a company	How do I know this is a legit company?
0	What do you say i don't understand you	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	I tried to pay with credit card but it came up error of Invalid Digital Order.
1	I placed an order and canceled but I was deducted. can you confirm if my money will be reversed to my account?	I canceled my order. When can I get my money?
0	How to deactivate my account in app?	How to use coupon from mobile app?
0	i need help to login	I need help man.
0	have talked to you yesterday and was told this will be resolved within a day	I have opened case more than 3 months ago. Why if in has not resolved yet?
0	it's been 32 days i dont see any update on my order	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	How to set that no one can send message	How can l see my message
0	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
0	there is no link to click	I accidentally click accept goods.
0	I wanted to know more or less the day my products arrived?	I want to know more on my claim
1	How to leave feedback in seller store	How do I leave feedback for the seller?
0	I want the money as soon as I will not try again or buy anything from you	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	where is the appeal button?	where the button to contact?
1	How do I change my email address	How do I change the email?
0	I wanted to reach out because I am on my second appeal in 1 week	if i order today how much time will it take to reach my country
0	would like to talk to a person	I would like to talk to someone before I buy
1	How do I know whether my order has been shipped	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
0	how do I delete feedback?	How do I leave feedback?
1	Why are the answers automatically? I do not want to talk to the vendor.	I want to talk with one
0	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	l am very disappointed with my order
1	how to change phone number	How do I edit my phone number?
0	where can I find "EDIT member profile"?	Where can I find the messages I have sent to the suppliers?
0	hello, I was issued a refund for an item not received and now it has been delivered. What can I do to pay?	My email address has been stolen, what can I do?
0	this happened twice already	I made a payment twice.
0	how to remove feedback	how to remove my order?
0	how can i change my credit card details	How do I revise my dispute details?
0	my card has been used by someone	Whether my coupon has been used or not?
0	want to pay for item that was refunded	i want my item
1	other orders arrived in time	It never arrived
0	when my cancelled	I cancelled my ordered when can I expect a refund?
0	Hi I want to buy something but seller have to adjust price, my system goes automatically and does not allow for seller to adjust please help	I want to cancel the order but the seller does not respond.
0	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	can you check it for me and tell me what's going on with my order
0	how to pay china daily order	should i pay tax if i order from china
0	to find my order number etc.	I cannot find my tracking number
1	can I speak with someone?	I need to speak to someone please
0	i need developer account	I need some help with my account
1	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	do you have any email address
0	when will my order be placed	When I placed my order the card kept getting rejected
0	I am trying to buy an item with a $50 store promo coupon but when i go to pay it says i do not have any coupons although i clicked on the coupon mutiple time	Can I order for item more than $50?
0	i submit my appeal and nothing happens	Why nothing happens when you click the button?
0	how to add photo	How to add video?
0	I submitted the appeal and it was disputed successfully	How do I know the dispute is submitted successfully?
0	what is written on judgment is in chinese and it has taken long	My money has been taken out from my bank but I did not get confirmation
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	can i ask you online
0	how to get warranty	How to get a coupon back?
1	are you an actual person?	Are you a real person?
1	how contact the seller	How can I contact seller?
0	tried to pay for my order wouldnt go thru whats up?	I have tried to pay for this order with a business card and keep getting declined
0	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	do i have to pay duty for products
0	how to input the order in to awaiting payment using app	What is Awaiting payment?
0	What is Easy Returns?	What is Love"?"
0	I received a refund but not total why?	Why I have not received a refund for order
1	I just wonder when I got my order	I wonder when will I receive the item that have made ??the payment
0	I am still not able to pay my orders	I am not able to chat with sellers
0	i dont remember which one i used	i dont know how to finish my shopping
0	how to place order	I want to place order by phone
1	I need a real person for help	I need a real person
0	my shipment is cancelled	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
0	What are the shipping method?	choose wrong shipping method
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	I want refund to my credit card
1	Don't remember account login name and password, how to operate can I find my account name and password?	I forget my account password
1	i cannot upload	I cannot upload the picture for some reason
0	from where are your products coming?	Is it possible to get from your things to
1	change the size	How do I change the size of the product?
1	how to add item to your wish list	how I can add to wish list
1	It's not possible to contact customer service	Customer service email
0	I can`t see my order	I can't submit evidence to my case
1	I want a human!	i want to talk to a human online
0	was my credit card billed	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	i just sent a post	I just ask a question
0	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	I was charged the wrong amount
0	add card on payment	I cannot make the payment via credit card
1	david howell hi i need a phone number or a human i cant never log on please help	i need a contact phone number
0	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	How can I pay all of my orders at once?
1	Track your refund progress	When will I receive refund for dispute in progress?
0	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	I never received my refund
1	when i received the order it was twenty days wrong color	I received My order but size is wrong
0	I wrote may a week ago a report on this site. Please check it	I wrote wrong recipient name
0	I have a projector that I bought and came with a defect I tried to open a dispute and the website suggested that I negotiate with the store, I tried to negotiate, the store promised to send another projector, I did my part I resent and I did not receive th	I tried to make payment by card but it did not let me
0	i bought something at store roy wang	I need help on something
0	dispute is finished but the tea bags still haven't arrived	Can I open a finished dispute
0	All my orders has this note, and it seems like its not sending..	Can I place all my orders in the same shipment?
0	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	Can you help me?
0	I had a dispute	the time to open dispute had ran out
0	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	How do I deliver goods to China?
1	Hi, can you verify an invoice?	Can you issue invoice for order which I just received?
1	how to open dispute	How do I open a dispute?
1	how to reach the payment support team?	how do I chat with the services team
0	order not received seller not answer	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
0	visa credit card. It was expired and now renewed	Supported credit card types
0	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	Why I was double charged?
0	I hope you understand what I said	Ok Eva thanks very much I understand
0	how do I place order	How do I check the order status?
0	I tried paying for an order today but it comes back saying the expiry date is wrong. My expiry date is OK 02/20. This happened about a month ago but was fixed. But, it's happening again.	I tried to track the shipment number through EMS but nothing comes out
0	seller not response my refund status	refund request status
1	what is a buyer protection?	what does Escrow Buyer Protection cover?
1	cannot leave feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback?
0	i don't go to my address email. help me	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	who can give me information	do you marry me?
0	What happen if I close a dispute	I already open dispute but you close it.
0	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	Could you help me please
0	what is dispute	What is Dispute in Progress?
0	Check the refund on my card.	I am waiting for the refund to be credited to my card, how long will it take?
0	What is reward points	What is Available Points?
0	I can not make an order	After I make my order, how can I pay with Western Union?
1	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	I want to know my order
0	why I cannot use coupon	cannot use Select Coupon
1	how do I confirm goods?	How can I confirm the delivery?
0	Hi Im having trouble placing an order Can you help me figure out whats wrong with your system?	can you help me with the status of order
0	talk with human	are you human
0	How to verify your account	I got the email to verify my account but there was no link
1	how to report your seller	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	The item I ordered is faulty it broke a piece of my car on first use	Can I order just one item for my personal use?
1	how do i get an invoice	How do I get an invoice to pay?
0	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	Can I order just one item for my personal use?
0	I did not receive the refund	i did not receive the order
1	The wireless charger l received is faulty and doesn't charge	I have been sent a faulty item
1	as a human	are you a human person or a machine?
0	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	I got a message saying internet connection problems
1	no i can not hardly with customer attention	How can I contact customer support?
0	can i know my payment status	I want to know the mediation status.
0	i think my tracking number is a fake	How can I find my tracking number?
0	Why does it take so long for my payment to be processed	Why is my order taking so long to ship
0	Why rewards points are going down?	Is your payment system down?
0	how to use warranty service?	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
1	i cannot log into my account!!	Why I cannot log in
1	how do i place the order	How do I place order?
1	i want to know why i cannot send message to the vendors	I just can't type in message box
0	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	can you send package to my country?
0	Iam doing singing in my account but it is not working	Why my tracking order is not working?
0	i want to know why i cannot send message to the vendors	I cannot send it to cart
0	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	I do not like the order and I want to send it back
0	how do i cancel order?	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	please clear the cookies in your browser?	Please take me off your email list
0	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	I asked questions about the product, but received no response
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to know what items I bought last time
0	i need to speak with someone	I need a girl friend.
1	How can i get an order receipt or invoice?	How do I get a receipt?
1	steps on how to contact seller?	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
1	I am asking how to combine orders for payment if the order is still in my cart	How do I combine orders?
0	i can't find it	I want to find suppliers for products
1	I asked a couple of questions?	I have few questions
0	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	What can I do if I commanded twice for the same product?
0	i want to remove my credit card from my account	I want my refund to another credit card
1	how to use coupon	How can I use a coupon?
1	impossible to join contact customer support	How can i contact a customer support in person via phone?
0	my order was not updated in one month	One of my order was canceled by seller. how can i receive my money back?
0	Hello! I have closed the dispute on may 21, 2017 and says that the refund will be made. When will be refunded the money?	I made a claim. When do I get my money back?
0	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	Why there is no verification link in the email?
0	I mean did you take tbc here	I did not take a refund of the order number
1	Dispute finished. Seller agreed to refund but refund not received.	I have not received the refund after dispute closed.
0	Hello I need to reset my password before I can add a card	i tried to reset password but did not work
1	do you have a phone number?	Did you have any phone number?
1	Hello, I just made an order but I was wrong in the delivery address, how can I change it?	I can not change the delivery address, what to do?
0	I was paying with the American card and I already put 2 times the information on the card and the payment was not processed as the message tells me there was an error	Sign in error. Error code: 83.
0	I am constantly trying to contact the seller and he did not respond I need a product invoice to send to customs	I need to contact the seller of order
1	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	I am dissatisfied with claim result. What can I do?
0	how can I repot a fraud seller	how can i protect myself from fraud
0	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	website shows that my order already been delivered, but i did not received
0	Not satisfied with dispute	I am not satisfied with the product received. What can I do?
0	no shipment refund	What is Awaiting Shipment?
0	i cannot see my order	I paid for an order but I cannot see it in my order summary
0	how to cancel the dispute?	how to cancel accepted dispute
0	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	I am trying to get access to my account but it will not let me.
0	Hello good afternoon I would like to ask a question, I made my request and waited for confirmation of it, and the page told me that the tracking would be available in 5-10 days. The days have passed and I can not trace my request, what is happening?	I would like to know what with my order?
0	how to save payment method	Why there is no Boleto payment method?
0	where d0 i get my 20%	where i can get there call number
0	i already asked something i am talking with a computer isn't it	I am unable to change my email address. It says it is already in use.
0	The item I ordered is faulty it broke a piece of my car on first use	I need your help. I ordered an item
1	Are there other ways to pay	Can I pay with other payment method?
0	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	hello I have a problem with a store
0	I cannot open a dispute	I need open a dispute
0	Hello, I'm not a customer yet.	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons??	How can I reset my security question?
0	are you sure that you cain t help me??	how can i be sure that you wont fuck me
0	Why is my order cancelled?	Why my order have not been cancelled?
0	My order was stuck, so I opened a dispute. I won and got the refund, but now the item randomly arrived and I want to give the money back to the seller. What can I do?	I opened an dispute and the seller accepted.
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore	I do not have access to my account
1	how to open dispute on completed order?	How to open dispute for completed order
1	I want to cancel the order	I want to cancel the order and receive a refund.
1	i need call with you	i need a number to call customer service
1	my order will be return?	Why shipping company return my parcel?
0	I have a projector that I bought and came with a defect I tried to open a dispute and the website suggested that I negotiate with the store, I tried to negotiate, the store promised to send another projector, I did my part I resent and I did not receive th	I did not receive my order
0	how do I get discount from the seller	how do I send a paypal mailbox to get refund from seller
0	could help me	please let me know
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	I want to stop payment on my order.
0	how i become a seller	How do I report a seller?
1	who r u	what r u?
1	hello, good night	hello good night
0	Why the money is not returning	Who will pay for the returning shipping charges if it is due to the supplier's fault?
0	how to reset account passwords	How to verify account?
1	how to find order number	How can I find my order number?
0	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	When can I open dispute?
1	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	Why it has no tracking information?
0	I wanna buy something product but I dont know how to pay money	i wanna ask you something
0	I tried that, it didn't work	i didn't ask you that
1	I pressed. Click the Confirm Order Receipt button. Before the Order is sent.	I confirm order before I got it. What can i do?
0	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	I need a function to upload photos
0	They still haven't arrived	The delivery is not yet arrived
1	i want to speak to a real person	can i speak to a real person not computer to help me
0	I have problem product	I have a problem with coupon
0	will you deliver to company	I need know when my order deliver to me
0	If I order a shipping free product, do i need to pay for custom duty in my country??	I live in China. Is shipping free?
0	I do not want to cancel my order	I want to cancel an order.
1	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	please remove me from this email list
0	Unable to create an account	I was unable to make payment
0	now haven't received payment returned	Seller has not received the payment
0	Its the 5 time I contact my order is not coming	How can I change my contact name?
0	how do i get coupons and discounts	How do I add coupons to my order?
0	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	How do I remove items from Shopping Cart?
1	i have a problem with payments on my account	I have problem with my order
0	my query is regarding my order status	regarding order processing
1	you're a computer?	are you a person or a computer?
0	I have pay with the bank	i want to pay with my bank card
0	I have problem with you guys	I am having a problem with an item I received from you guys
0	How to choose shipping method	How is PayPal used as a refund method?
0	sir i have rupay debit card but not accept	I do not have Visa card
0	how do i appeal my payment?	How do I start payment?
0	help with my account	need help on my order
0	Do you have a representative in Saudi Arabia?	Do you have friends?
1	So how can I chat with human	can i chat with a real person
0	check on that order number i gave you please i need to understand what the outcome is	What if the seller gave me fake tracking number?
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	Can I return a product if I am not satisfied?
1	Hi there can you please help me with a problem about a jacket I bought it's one size small it doesn't fit how can I send it back and get one bigger size	How can I exchange for a different size
0	its take too long time	log in takes too long
0	i receive a email says i did not pay, but i have paid and i have the confirmation	I did not get a confirmation email
1	I need a real person, please	i want to chat with a real person
0	the buyer is refusing to replace damage order	I saved my credit card but I need to replace it with a new one
1	l placed an order from spain to spain	i have placed an order
0	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	Can I order just one item for my personal use?
0	I need my refund	I need an invoice for my firm
0	what is confirm goods received	I have not received my goods, what can I do
0	cancel my order	I need to cancel my duplicated order
0	fast shipping method	choose wrong shipping method
0	I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me an error when sending	An unknown error was occurred
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	When i go to the shopping cart i cannot use the coupon
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
0	How do I exchange app coins	How can I do an exchange?
1	i want to contact the customer management team	How do I contact Case Management team?
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
1	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	I am still waiting for my refund
0	what the fuck you talking about	Nice talking with you.
0	You people are not treating me right	How many people you can talk at one time?
0	I am constantly trying to contact the seller and he did not respond I need a product invoice to send to customs	Seller stopped to respond me after I send the goods back
0	I am waiting for payment verification?	I am waiting for mediation to be completed. It has taken months.
0	how to submit a feedback	How can I change a feedback?
0	how to delete card	How do I delete messages?
0	i have brought a wi fi printer from you before and i paid it via a credit card...	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
0	unable to place an order	I am unable to locate my order
1	i sent a request but nothing came through	I have received nothing.
1	how can i trust seller	Can I trust suppliers without Feedback?
0	no shipment refund	What is the shipment cost?
1	do you have a phone number?	do you have a phone number
0	Add to Wish List Does not work	How do I add products to my Wish List?
0	How can I get express shipping on my order	How can I change my shipping address?
0	other orders arrived in time	Why my order take a long time to come and I cannot track orders?
1	i just have a question	i have a question
0	i email the seller already	The email address already exists
0	I can not change the language to Spanish	How can i change the Spanish language to english?
0	ok the get lost	My order list is lost
0	how to use select coupon?	Apply for compensation (SELECT COUPON)
0	how to file a complaint	How about my complaint?
0	Hi Eva, i purchased baby girl clothes in February and still haven't received it	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	do you like me
0	why delivery period extended	Why payment was taken before delivery?
0	how to become seller	How do I report a seller?
0	when I open a dispute	When will I receive refund after I open dispute?
1	hello. how i can ask the seller for the bill for my company	I need bill
1	i cant log in. i created my purchase with the wrong email address.	I put the wrong email address.
1	who can help me please?	who help me
0	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	i ordered a product
0	i have to send back the item back to china	Do I need to send the product back for refund?
1	could you help?	Could you please help me?
0	how to check buyer protection	How do I become eligible for buyer protection?
1	I request dispute	How do I request for refund?
0	Hi I like to know if a seller needs me to send back, how does she refund me the delivery fees plus cost of the dress as I am using Singapore registered mail?	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
0	hello, can I speak spanish?	How can i change the Spanish language to english?
1	how to get an invoice	I need an invoice with the goods purchased and value. How do I get it?
0	my name is Bill	There is a problem in changing my profile name
1	How to deactivate my account in app?	how I can deactivate my account
0	i have a credit card appeal	I have business credit card which is not being accepted
0	its not a chat now button	the chat closed
0	how to add video	How to add product to Wish List
0	i dont get my order yet	i dont speak english
1	Is cash on delivery option is available?	Can I pay with cash on delivery?
1	Sales email address	what address to email to
1	customer service number	i need the customer service phone number
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	I like to order a product but I do not know how to contact the company
0	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	Why do you charge me twice?
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	This item has problem
0	hi i still haven't received any of my orders	I am still waiting for my refund
0	How to place order?	will not accept debit how can I place order
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	He has sent me really nasty emails
0	it's my third time	My order was closed since the payment is not made in time.
0	Yes product same seller same item	Why I paid for same product twice?
0	how to use warranty service?	How much is service fee?
0	How do I register a business account	How can I register?
0	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	I already made payment but not yet received email confirmation
0	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I placed an order but did not give me any tracking number
0	My membership level are not added	How do I cancel my membership
1	open a dispute.	I want to open dispute
0	I Am waiting for my refund	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	this happened twice already	Very unpleasant happened to your store.
0	Where do I submit my drivers license and credit card information to prove who i am?	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	so can you try to place the with the number to see what color you get	Thank you I'll try.
0	i am following up my case	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	hello I have a problem with a store
0	This is over 30 days I guess. Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	I cannot leave feedback on an transaction.
1	and l do not know english and the translator is not going	I do not really understand English is it possible to Russian
0	I am asking how to combine orders for payment if the order is still in my cart	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
1	I cannot upload photo in dispute	I cannot upload attachment.
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	I want live chat?
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to have one transaction for 3 items, not separately.
0	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	How do I get my user name?
1	shipment was cancelled	My order is closed for No Shipment.
0	returning a defective item	Where can I get a refund for a defective product?
0	Hi, I am having trouble with my payment	I am having trouble becoming a member, I have tried several times.
0	Can I write in german, please?	Can you change my page to English please
0	Today I have placed an order as a guest but have not received confirmation.	I have not got any confirmation after I paid for my order
1	I cannot use my select coupon	How do I use Select Coupon?
0	can i not give you my tracking number and you check?	Did you check on my issues with order number
1	hi, i have a problem	i have problem with order
0	i think my tracking number is a fake	I want my tracking number
0	it does not show me the seller am looking for	I am trying to place an order and for some reason it does not let me
0	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	Can I pay in installments on my credit card?
0	when a need to select the mind i have two time october	can i have a two accounts with same email
0	what a fuck is that what are you doing there	fuck eva you are hot
1	I want to chat with a real human	i want to talk to a human online
0	how do i get coupons and discounts	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
0	i mean is that the case?	no i do not mean any of that
1	My order is very late, and the vendor do not reply my messages	I have sent messages to the supplier, but he does not reply. What can I do?
0	OMG can you get a supervisor please?	Can you change my page to English please
0	My products from the above order did not arrive, how do I?	How do I add products to my Wish List?
0	How to delete an order in shopping cart	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	When I bought, on the online page there is written delivery 30-50 days!	When I click pay now, it is taking me to sign in page.
0	Why are the answers automatically? I do not want to talk to the vendor.	How do I contact the vendor?
0	Unable to open an account	I was unable to make payment
0	dont want to received email from message center	email customer service center
0	can i speak with you in french?	Can I speak with an agent please?
1	can u answer?	can u please help me?
1	So, could you help me?	Could you help me please
0	difference of small packet an registered airmail	When I registered on your site?
0	changing the size of item	There is a problem in changing my profile name
0	please do accept tbc	Do you accept Mastercard?
0	Can you see if i had paid please? If so i need it tracked.	I cannot see the order I paid for.
0	what is escrow fee	what does Escrow Buyer Protection cover?
0	Payment error in App	I got an error message during the payment process. What should I do?
0	please do accept tbc	Do you accept Yandex Money?
0	how to use warranty service?	How to use a coupon in order?
0	Sales email address	I need to speak to sales representative
0	how to place order	I cannot place an order.
0	I don't want to lie about my reason, the item is damaged.	i want my item
0	really so I have to stay online for yet another half hour?	I can not contact the sellers of products that have not yet arrived.
0	upload video evidence.	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
1	Money has not been paid	The order has not been paid
0	how we can shortage the delivery period and shipment process?	How can I extend the period of receiving the shipment?
0	how do i confirm the order?	I pressed confirm order in false.
0	I need your help...	I cannot open a dispute. I need your help.
0	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	How can I place an order in specified size?
0	when i log in on computer, my wishlist is not updated. It's not same as on my apps	I cannot log in and it says my account was deactivated
1	How to delete order?	how to delete unpaid order
0	what does shipment cancelled mean	What does Piece mean?
1	i cannot pay using bank transfer	I have ordered an item and I cannot pay it by bank transfer
0	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	It will not let me make an dispute on order.
0	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	I want to choose different suppliers for the products, but i want them shipped by combination to my delivery address.
0	Did you receive my order back yet?	I did not receive confirmation after my order
0	Can you talk to a human being?	Hope can talk with you again tomorrow.
0	Then this must be joke, you must be kidding me,,,	in what language i must write my home address?
0	why is my dispute invalid	Why I received error Invalid card number?
0	my account does not allow me to place orders until I validate my account VIA appeal form	I am trying to get access to my account but it will not let me.
0	hi, how can I add photos?	How can I add my shipping address?
0	how to use store coupon	How do I use Select Coupon?
0	I canceled my order without giving cargo but could you help my param still not getting into the account?	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	I'm having trouble canceling my account.	I am having trouble creating an account
0	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	When I click sign in, I do not have field to put my email and password.
0	i know this	I want to know my order
1	I want to talk with a person	I want to talk to a person but not a robot
0	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	i have placed an order
0	how to open dispute	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	are u live	are u there?
0	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
1	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	I am confused if I will have to pay customs taxes and duties
1	How do I cancel my account	How do I cancel my membership?
0	Hello Eva, hoow are you?	Eva you suck
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	My item was shipped back. How do I get it now?
0	how to find the seller's store	how to delete a store from favorite store?
1	how to confirm order	How can I confirm the order?
0	I have no visa card and debit card	i have a visa debit card
0	I cant open dispute because it's delivered	I need open a dispute
0	Con tact seller	There is no rating for the seller
0	How can I put the name of my street address?	Can I change my last name on this account?
0	i have activated my secure card 3d	How do I get a 3D security code?
0	i need the last 4 digits	Why I cannot see my last orders?
0	I have an account and I can not reconnect and I want to place an order and have an invoice	I have a problem with my order at customs. Can you sent me a copy of my invoice?
1	can you answer my question	Would it be possible you answer my question
1	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	Where can I find my dispute cases?
0	High Quality 2016 Men Shoes Sport Lace Up Casual Shoes Men Flats Breathable Mesh Shoes Men Tenis size 39-48	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
0	Do we need to integrate a SDK for that?	I need open dispute but do not have the option
0	how to block notification	Why security block my transaction?
0	Need my order traced. Your website is very difficult to navigate. It just says "order finished"	What if the seller says he lost my order?
0	because the platform is blocked is days	The goods are not delivered because of the suspicious seller
0	my last commande i buy this	Why I cannot buy my goods?
0	how to use seller coupon?	Why can't I use my seller coupon?
0	my account is not working	The coupon is not working
0	how many items I add in my wish list	How do I sort items in my Wish List?
0	I have contacted the seller	how you can be contacted?
1	why is my order been cancelled?	Why my order have been closed?
0	items in one package	how do I get all my items into one cart?
0	could you track the status of order	How could I track my package?
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my escalated dispute?	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
0	ok, thank you. I ordered this sunday. Means I have at least one month to see what will happen. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day and best wishes from Turkey	Have a nice day.
1	I can not use a coupon or get discount.	I can not use mobile coupon
0	Please cancel my account as details are wrong	I want details of my refund
0	I want clear out one of my account, name is "je"	Can I change my last name on this account?
0	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	I placed an order and paid. I want to cancel it.
1	Hello, i made an order on 20th of April	i have just made an order
0	I bought a coat on April 28 forgot the email and the password I have already paid for the credit card, and I have already made the order, follow the link of the product purchased	I have already paid the claim and it appears Suspicious Order
1	hello can you help me please have you time	can you help me with
1	how I can contact with you	How can I contact you for my transactions being canceled?
0	i haven't received my order	i wanted t discuss my order
0	Why are my accounts blocked and I cannot sign in	I cannot sign in and there is no error message
0	i want to change my password	I want to change my shipping address
0	can you dance for me?	you can not help me
0	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
0	How can i get the nacional tracking code for my product?	Why my tracking code is not working?
0	I have contacted them, but they tell me to wait a while for them to arrive. But that's not the problem. It has arrived, but defective; And they just tell me to wait for me to arrive	Tell me a joke.
0	Nie to meet you too	shipping amount is too high
0	where is the "here?"	Where is Shanghai?
0	You people are not treating me right	not right answer
1	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	i cannot upload a photo
0	change the reason of dispute	How can I change cancel reason?
1	can I speak with someone?	I would like to speak to someone on dispute team.
1	I need contact with a real person	can I speak with a real person?
0	Unable to upload image in the dispute	i cannot upload a photo
0	How do I stop seller sending messages?	how do i read messages
0	order long time?	I opened a dispute, because the premise for a long time not being tracked
1	how to revise feedback	How do I revise my feedback?
0	I want e-mail	An account already exists with the E-mail you submitted
0	But i have paid it	I have a problem.
1	how can I report a fraud seller	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
0	I love you.	i love china
0	fast shipping courier	my courier change the shipping address
0	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	I want a job at a company	What's your job?
1	I want to close a dispute	dispute escalated but i received the goods. how to close it
0	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	i didn't ask you that
0	Ryley knows my problem	I have problem with my computer
1	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	When will i receive my refund after order is cancelled?
0	Can you tell me when will I order my order Me 2017-05-22 12:05 hello I have already written twice that you have not received my order. And you have cheated twice	I have a problem with my order at customs. Can you sent me a copy of my invoice?
0	I purchased an iteam yesterday and i have been charged the iteam which is showing on my credit card statement am trying to find out why when i go into my purchase history is not showing the order number or tracking number	Where do i find my purchase history?
0	dont want to received email from message center	I cannot write the message in the message center
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	How do I fill in my shipping address?
1	HI, Anyone there can answer my question? thanks	can i get a real person to answer question?
1	Hello, I've a problem with my Order. Can you help, please	hello I have a problem with a store
0	I can not take your tablet. I need to bill the tablet.	i need your email address
0	Hello, how can I sponsor a friend?	I need a girl friend.
0	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	This account does not exist, what should I do?
0	Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Why it shows Your order has been closed?
0	you hopeless piece of shit	Can I buy 1 piece of product as a sample?
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
1	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	not received order yet
0	i already asked something i am talking with a computer isn't it	I paid for my order, and I am being asked to pay it again, what do I do?
0	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	How can I buy goods if I do not have visa card?
0	How do I exchange coins for coupon	How do I get coupon?
0	this link is empty	link to confirm email was bad
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	I have placed order but they said transaction closed.
1	how to open dispute	How do I open dispute?
0	The seller is not responding me	the seller cheated me
1	i am problem with my order	What is the problem in my order
0	how to check buyer's protection	How to extend my buyer protection time?
0	chat now not working	Internet Explorer Script Error comes when I click on I am online chat now
0	Why the money is not returning	After the transaction was cancelled, why system not send my money back?
0	was my credit card billed	My credit card is overcharged
0	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	I paid for my order but now it is suspicious
1	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	When will I get my order?
0	It has been almost half a year!	Why has the price been modified?
0	I would like to make a payment via bank slip which procedure I am not finding the desired option	I make payment by Bank Transfer. Why it still shows Awaiting Payment?
0	hello, i have 3 cancelled orders and i still have not receive my order	When will I receive a refund if the orders have been cancelled?
1	seller don't answer me	The seller do not answer me
0	what is coins	Why I did not get the coins?
0	Why does it take so long for my payment to be processed	how long does it take to get to my country?
0	how can I file for an appeal	how do I file a dispute after I received my goods and time ran out
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	I want to change my shipping to a free shipping
1	how do i change my profile?	How do I edit my member profile?
0	where is my items? I have not received my order yet	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	why to put card details again?	The card I used was charged again after I paid for my order.
0	a colleague said he would be restored	I want to buy but it said Cannot ship to my region
1	how do i cancel order?	How do I cancel my order?
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons??	my order can't go through
0	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	I want to open dispute but i confirmed order received
0	Can you talked to me	you can not help me
0	i ordered a phone, its broken	i have already ordered an item
0	I want e-mail	I want to be unsubscribed from all e-mails
0	My Order List	share my wish list
0	BUT THE ARTICLE IS ALREADY IN PORTUGAL	How do I use the refund to buy another article?
0	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	How can I know the supplier has sent out the product?
0	I would like to make a payment via bank slip which procedure I am not finding the desired option	Am I able to use PayPal to make a payment?
1	the seller is a lier	The seller is a scammer
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
0	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
0	Hello, my payment is not going through and I know my credit card works	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	I can't pay when I try to order a product and ship it to Mexico	I will try that now
0	I want to shipped all of my order	I want to have my orders shipped together to my address
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	I want to change my shipping address
0	I HAVE A PURCHASE ON YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE REGISTERING, AT THIS TIME THE ORDER IS BUGGED IN THE CUSTOMS AND DHL NEEDS THE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER.	I cannot purchase my order
0	Dispute in Progress means	What is the progress of my credit card verification?
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	When will you resolve the dispute so I can get my refund?
0	Need return address for two pair of tennis shoes or exchange for one size larger	I need to exchange a confirmed order
1	contact the seller?	I want to contact seller.
0	my account no work	my password does not work
0	i need to locate a store	I need the address of store
1	how do i reactivate my account	I want to reactivate my account. Please help.
1	I only want my money back that is my only question	How do I get my money back?
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	How can I edit my shipping address?
0	what is confirm goods received	I cannot confirm order received.
1	How change post code	I would like to change the zip code on my mailing address
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	I want to return goods
0	when my cancelled	When will i receive my refund after order is cancelled?
0	i am having problems sending my id	I am having a problem correcting my shipping address
1	Did you helped me?	Did you get my question?
0	Can american express be used?	What kind of card can be used for payment?
0	are u men or woman?	it's supposed to be the first woman's name ever!
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	How do I receive a refund by credit card?
0	what is confirm goods received	The goods received are not what I agreed upon
0	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I check Feedback Profile of a seller?
0	can you ship out with 1 days shipping?	do you ship to
0	how to submit a feedback	How do I change feedback?
1	how to submit a feedback	How do I give feedback?
0	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	removing finished orders
0	do you need order numbers?	Do I need to give you the MTCN if I have paid with Western Union
0	what time is it?	What are time frames for opening dispute?
0	how many can i add to my shopping cart	How can I pay all my goods on shopping cart in one payment
0	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	I cannot open dispute without photo.
1	thanks for your help	thanks for your effort
1	I need a real person, please	an i talk to a real person
0	please to meet you too	Would you please custom made a dress?
0	I just read that you rejected my appeal!	I just broke up with my boy friend.
0	Could you please connect me with a real person?	Could you help me please
1	I want a live chat	i need a live person to chat with
0	how reward points will be added	I do not have my points
0	What do you say i don't understand you	you do not understand
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	Why I cannot send message to seller?	Why can't I use my seller coupon?
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
0	Invoice amount is not the same as for orders	How can I place multiple orders from same seller so that shipping will be together?
1	Can somebody help me	Can you help me?
1	i need to chat now	Can I chat with an agent?
1	I need to speak with some human support	i need to speak with a human
0	How can I do?	I would like to cancel my order. How can I do this?
0	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	I cannot confirm order received.
0	No, it is impossible to send mail	I entered the wrong mail box number
0	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	The seller has not yet sent the goods to me. I want a refund.
1	please initiate chat	Live chat please
0	When do help is coming	When do you return funds?
0	how do i delete my orders under my account	How do I delete my information
1	how to search good seller	How to select good supplier?
0	DO U SPEAK FRENCH PLEASE	do u help anyone?
0	how to edit dispute?	How do i edit my feedback left?
1	did not receive my order and the seller is not responding back	i did not get my order
0	upload video evidence.	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	I am waiting for payment verification?	I make payment by Boleto but it still shows waiting for payment
0	I am trying to update my expiry date on credit card and it wont accept it	trying to cancel an order that I paid by credit card but there is no option
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	I want to ask if all sellers are from China? Or are there also other sellers
0	a link should open up in my browser but it is broken and does nothing even though the little "hand" appears when hovering over	What should I do if I do not get the verification link?
0	i mean is that the case?	I cannot submit evidence to my case
0	Add to Wish List Does not work	How many products can I add to Wish List?
0	How to return back the item	I sent my item back
0	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	Why the payment by Visa MasterCard failed?
1	someone used my account	Somebody used my credit card.
0	Remove card information	I will upload my card and identity information
0	Make a purchase and ask for my documents for the appeal	I cannot upload documents.
1	how do i cancel order?	I would like to cancel my order. How can I do this?
0	How to submit video	What can I do after submit complaint?
0	I do not want to cancel my order	I want to cancel order in my orders but no option to that
0	Hi. any progress for dispute?	I wonder if there is any response for my escalated dispute.
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	Can I change size I choose before?
0	I tried to extend the purchase protection but seller is silent. When I try to open a dispute the system not permitted me tod do it.	I tried to open dispute for an order cannot submit
0	Will be able to assist me?	I am not able to buy anything
0	Where to get a refund?	Will I get an email for refund?
1	can i talk to a live person?	an i talk to a real person
0	how to verify account	How long does it take to verify my payment?
0	Didnt say anything about email	I can not order anything now
0	i receive the order after getting refund	If I cancel an order, will I receive a refund?
1	Hello, my payment is not going through and I know my credit card works	My credit card is being declined. Do you know why?
0	You are saying anything about my refund	my order saying awaiting for receive items
0	Hi!! need to delete my old credit card info to register a new credit card	Credit card type
0	I want to be a dropshipper	I want money back
0	Wanting place an order but the system don't put it in my basket	Why your system keep cancelling my order?
0	Make a purchase and ask for my documents for the appeal	Why it keep ask me to sign in when I make payment?
0	not sure what 25cm by 33cm means	What is the time there?
0	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	I want to pay my products with PayPal. Is it possible?
1	I am asking you question	I have question for you
0	Hello I need to reset my password before I can add a card	How can I reset my password?
0	how I can contact with the factory person?	can i speak to a person?
1	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	remove from mailing list
0	hi there, please can you tell me when my orders will be delivered?	Please tell me what my dispute status is.
1	i need to speak with someone	I need your help
0	Will be able to assist me?	Am I able to sell things?
0	how to edit shipping address	How do I edit my email address?
0	Hello. I reached out for customer service 3 times now.	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
1	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	How do I know if I have to pay import taxes or other taxes
0	can you answer my question?	do you have an answer on my question
0	What I have to do for my seller to be able to adjust a price	What can I do if the seller refuse my refund request?
0	There is a mistake translating a word "order" in English to Turkish...	I confirmed order by mistake. What can I do?
0	will you deliver to company	can not deliver to uk
0	I have contacted the seller	i have a dispute with the seller
1	Change Shipping address	I want to change my address
0	the transaction is completed	My order was completed on suspicion of selling
0	So i contact the seller i want my money back	i have not received my order and i want my money back
0	Hey. My account is locked. I am an honest buyer, did not open disputes for no reason. I ask you to unlock the account.	i am having problems creating my account
0	trouble logging in	I am having trouble authorization to access my account
0	Need you to confirm my credit card	My credit card is being declined. Do you know why?
0	the chat button does not work	Why the dispute button does not work?
0	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	when can i get the answer of my question
1	I need your help...	I need your help with my purchase
0	i have a appeal in process	I have a problem.
0	manage my shopping cart	Why my shopping cart is empty?
0	How to find the item ship from USA in the store	how to delete a store from favorite store?
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	Why my order is cancelled?
1	how to use paypal	Can I use PayPal to pay as I do not have a credit card
1	When will refund be done?	When will I receive refund?
1	i do not agree with dispute result	I think the claim result is unfair.
0	i can't buy my order	I don't know.
0	you have other mode to pay. no card	Is it possible to pay with a DEBIT card?
0	wait... let me show u a snapshot...	can u help me?
1	May I ask a question?	I just ask a question
0	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	how to look the details of the product ordered
0	How to delete order?	How to delete cookies?
0	not sure what 25cm by 33cm means	which means merchandise awaiting acceptance?
0	how to pay china daily order	How can I ship to China?
1	How to edit profile?	How can I change my profile?
1	want to delete your profile?	How can i delete my profile?
0	i need shipping company	Can I change my shipping company?
0	how to have my answer	How do I delete a comment?
0	how do I cancel dispute	How do I cancel my order?
0	How to exchange points to coupon?	How can I exchange for a different size
0	I have a projector that I bought and came with a defect I tried to open a dispute and the website suggested that I negotiate with the store, I tried to negotiate, the store promised to send another projector, I did my part I resent and I did not receive th	I have 2 expired coupons. Whenever I tried using them, it did not go through
0	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	How long does it take your dispute center to return my money?
0	Please check the history on this site	can I delete the transaction history
0	unable to find the address	Sorry, you are unable to participate in this promotion
0	how do i contact your seller	How can I contact with seller via email?
1	how can i remove order received from my order list	How can i clear completed orders from My order list
0	I received a refund but not total why?	How old is Jack Ma?
0	how to edit contact	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	I paid for an order but then it was cancelled. Seller has not refunded money.
0	please help already 20 days is done but payment not get	Why the order has been canceled but the payment already done?
0	yes, havea problem	i have problem with my shipping problem
1	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	How do I change the language to English?
0	I need help with my appeal	I need help with my order
0	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	How do I receive the refund if I paid via WebMoney?
1	how to chance shipping method?	choose wrong shipping method
0	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	can I get refund after payment has been released
0	payment not processed	Why does it take so long before my payment is processed?
0	i have a credit card appeal	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	but I sent you a video!!!!	I have sent my damaged order back to the supplier, can you refund me fully?
0	How can I access my mobile orders on my PC?	How can i delete my Awaiting Payment orders?
0	how to exchange app coins	How do I exchange for another color?
1	where is my product	Where is my product?
0	The only way to pay for the product is with the card?	Is there any other way I can place the order and pay for it using my Credit Card?
0	where to put my card number	where to upload credit card statement
0	when i received the order it was twenty days wrong color	I have not received payment within 10 days
0	i can not pay with IDEAL, my bank said there is nothing wrong with my IDEAL,	I want to buy but it said Cannot ship to my region
0	how do i go to customer care	Where do i go to track my order?
1	The seller advertise wrong price	What do I do if the seller wants to raise the price?
1	The seller is not refunding me	The seller does not respond to me
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I don't know
0	when I want to pay, an old discarded card comes up. I have to enter my new card number EVERY time, and it is annoying. How can I deleted the old discarded visa card	I can not pay with debit visa card
0	how to reset my account password	Why can not I reset password?
0	just want to know exchange sizes	I just want to say Hi.
0	how to change payment method	Can I send a check as a payment method?
0	What are talking about?	Purchase Protection of Order. what is it about?
0	My dispute is over, and now it's over, and now?	Will I pay taxes over my purchase?
0	I want to pay but i do not want to pass my card i guess i did not buy longer, i tried to re-enter the data card's visa and scream until 07/19 and it was not over again	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
1	hello I'm Portuguese	Can you speak Portuguese?
1	how to add video	How to add video?
0	Do you actually have any other answer for me	Do you have any email address?
1	how can i pay with ideal	How to pay with iDeal?
1	connect me to a customer service agent	Can customer service call me
0	I wanna buy something product but very difficult, how to pay money	I wanna pay with Euro?
0	changing the size of item	Is this size available?
0	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	Why I have not received my confirmation email?
0	Do I need to pay custom duty	How do I choose a custom color
1	i am a little afraid my order has gotten lost. it has been 20 days and has not left china?	My product has stopped thirty days in China, when will it arrive?
1	is this a fucking computer?	are you a human or computer
0	I don't see what to clock	I don't speak english
0	how to response in my dispute case	How can I reopen a dispute case?
0	Why I cannot send message to seller?	Why the seller does not send items or reply to message?
0	so i was buying a case	I am so stupid.
0	How to find the order number?	How can I find my tracking number?
0	my card has been used by someone	my order has been frozen?
1	cant speak to live chat	Live chat please
1	i need to speak with maria	i need to speak with a human
0	order has been cancelled by credit card	I has sent you a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What will happen?
0	No how to modify the mobile phone number?	The mobile number on the order is wrong and needs be changed
0	I have a problem with the bad seller	I have login problem
0	How is it possible for me to charge something I did not buy	I order something and I did not receive an email
0	how to apply feedback	How do I apply for Freebies?
0	refund status unresolved	refund request status
0	i have a credit card appeal	I do not have a credit card, how can I pay?
0	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	i have a problem with an order
0	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	on your site I have not found this product, can you help me find him?
0	Hi, can you help me?	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	How do I use my email address in new account	How do I find seller's email address?
0	i cant pay for my item	Can I pay for an item using skrill?
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
1	can u answer?	can u help
0	My contacts are all ok	How can I pay all my orders?
1	i want to ship the order in china	Can I arrange to ship a product to an address in China?
1	i need store http joi li	How can I find a store?
0	please i have a problem	I have login problem
0	Hi, I had ordered a cosplay costume with the wrong currency; I canceled the order and the seller told me it was cleared right away, but now there is not enough credit on the card; Could I kindly receive the amount back as quickly as possible? I have to reo	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	How can I change cancel reason?
0	not want automatic answer	supplier does not answer
1	are you a real agent?	chat with an agent
0	how to open a dispute on app	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
1	i cannot delete the order	how do i delete order history
1	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	I have already paid for my orde, but the order status has not changed
0	They still haven't arrived	I get an email that a new mail has arrived
0	pay for order	How do I pay the order by Bank Transfer?
0	i want to reset my password	i tried to reset password but did not work
0	The seller does not want to know anything about the dispute	I want to know about my order
0	canceled no shipment	What is the shipment cost?
1	please i have a problem	i have problem with order
0	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	i pay my order but not processed yet
1	I need a real person to chat	i want to talk to a real person
1	no, i can not order anything	I can not order anything now
0	exchange coins to coupons	Arrival at inward office of exchange
0	I can't find the iDeal icon in my payment options	What other payment options can I use?
0	i cant find the ideal icon?	i cant call you
0	What are you doing	What do you eat?
0	can you check my dispute?	How can I check if you have my right address for delivery?
0	Do i get a shipping discount if it's a large order?	I do have get the discount
0	this is my order ID	I do not remember my id name
0	I have a code for 435 off my order put it is not allowing me to put the code in	Please put me to live chat
0	I did not but anything	I cannot type anything
0	How can I refund my money back?	How can I deposit my refund into my another account?
1	ok i know that but the process is very long	I need to know how long the dispute will be?
0	and have not received the item yet	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
1	How do i report the seller	How can I report the bad supplier?
1	pay for order	I want to pay for an order.
0	Hello, I have a problem, I can no longer order on your site because you have blocked my means of payment, I had however validated with supporting documents not long ago, I do not understand, Help?	on your site I have not found this product, can you help me find him?
0	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	When am I going to receive my orders?
0	Are there other ways to pay	I want to pay in other currency.
0	I'm interested in a kind of Minnie sheet	i'm going to sleep
0	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	How do I know my order reach my country?
1	what is dispute	What is the status of my dispute?
0	still haven't received my refund	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	can i know about it please
0	how can i contact the seller	How can I contact you?
1	How to change my contact details	How do change my address?
0	I canceled my order without giving cargo but could you help my param still not getting into the account?	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
0	we do not need remove please we need person can understand me	Can we go on a date?
0	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	I brought one dress but I did not receive my dress
0	I want the money as soon as I will not try again or buy anything from you	I am not able to buy anything
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	I don't know
0	how to remove card?	how to remove my order?
1	I am not able to use my coupon, when I will finalize a purchase my coupon does not appear	I can not use my coupon
0	Hello money i want to do what i have to do what i have to do	I have not received the refund, what can I do?
1	how do i get an invoice	How do I get my invoice?
1	i need call with you	I want to call you
1	Did you helped me?	I have a problem. Did you help me?
0	Walle, How can you type so fast	how fast i can get my order.
0	when my cancelled	When will I receive a refund if the orders have been cancelled?
0	i have a appeal in process	I have registered on the site
1	order long time?	Why the shipment time is so long?
0	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	Can I open a dispute I canceled
0	i want to find suppliers by country	How to find the product I want?
0	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	Will you send an email to let me know my money has been refunded?
1	Hello, I've a problem with my Order. Can you help, please	I have a problem. Did you help me?
1	add new shipping address	How do I add shipping address?
0	I have a problem since one day ago	I have a wonderful day.
1	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	I am confused if I will have to pay customs taxes and duties
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	I already contacted you last time
1	can help me	can u help me?
0	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	I placed order twice and want to cancel one.
1	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	i can not pay with IDEAL, my bank said there is nothing wrong with my IDEAL,	How can I pay the product by bank account?
0	How do I get a coupon back	I have purchase items. How do I get discount coupon?
1	How to change shipping address	How do I change the shipping address?
0	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	I need to cancel order, in my order no option to cancel
0	visa credit card. It was expired and now renewed	credit card fraud
1	Hi, I had ordered a cosplay costume with the wrong currency; I canceled the order and the seller told me it was cleared right away, but now there is not enough credit on the card; Could I kindly receive the amount back as quickly as possible? I have to reo	One of my order was canceled by seller. how can i receive my money back?
1	I didn't receive my order?	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
0	Can I write in german, please?	can i know about it please
0	Please check the history on this site	how to clear the history
0	Can I buy without a mobile?	Can I trust suppliers without Feedback?
0	i want to recover deleted orders	I want to have several orders shipped together to me
0	can I order without mobile phone?	Can mobile phone use TradeManager or not?
1	i need to raise dispute	I need open a dispute
1	i think my tracking number is a fake	Why my tracking number is not good?
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	How do I fill up the Tel number?
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
1	how to apply feedback	How do I give feedback?
1	order list pages	I would like to see the order in My Orders list
1	How can I access my mobile orders on my PC?	How can i see my orders?
0	I am asking you question	you are not answering my question
1	i am unable to place my order	I am unavailable to place my order
0	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	I want to change my address
0	I marked order received by mistake	I want to place an order.
0	Waiting for my appeal to be verified.	How do I get my payment verified?
1	Has it shipped?	how do i know if my order has been shipped?
0	How to reset your password	i tried to reset password but did not work
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	i need to speak to someone right now regarding my money
0	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	When will I receive my refund if I pay with Credit Card?
0	can i ask my goods	Can I send my goods to China?
1	how to confirm order	Confirm Order Received
0	I can not pay with my card	How old is Jack Ma?
0	No because you do not want to help me	can you help me?
0	i order some item last week	I would like to delete my feedback for my last order
0	i am in mexico, do i need an permission to receive my orden?	Do I pay before or after I receive my merchandise?
0	:) I write in English	where I write a complaint?
0	this not help	thanks for help
0	How do I delete orders?	How do I delete a feedback?
1	How can I change feedback	How do I change a received feedback?
0	Read all messages related to my order then solve my problem	How to solve my logistics problem?
0	i don't go to my address email. help me	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	how to update mobile number?	How to use coupon from mobile app?
1	its about login area	It does not let me login
0	difference of small packet an registered airmail	I need to change my product because the size is small
0	I was paying with the American card and I already put 2 times the information on the card and the payment was not processed as the message tells me there was an error	can I pay by 2 cards
0	i know this	i want to know now
0	This is the link of the store	link to confirm email was bad
0	How can I open a dispute	When can I open dispute?
0	from where are your products coming?	Received message that some products were canceled for lack of payment
0	did i not create an account when I ordered my product	I did not create this account, someone else created this account. Used my email
0	add card on payment	I have a debit card but cannot make the payment
1	I want to buy this machine and have it delivered to germany	I want to buy a product
0	how do i cancel order?	How do I cancel order if product is already shipped?
0	my shipment still not dispatched	Why my order is closed for No Shipment?
1	How change post code	I can not change the zip code
0	I placed an order and canceled but I was deducted. can you confirm if my money will be reversed to my account?	How can I receive a verification email to confirm my account?
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	Can i speak to a real person?
0	But i have paid it	I have registered on the site
0	will My goods arrive directly to my hand or do I have to go to customs ofice	How do I protect my money if the item does not arrive?
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	Where do I find information on dispute?
0	When i pay for an item in the shopping cart, you already have my credit card details saved, I'm not happy with that.	i have already ordered an item
0	I still not hear Anything about mij contact we have before	we have not reached an agreement
0	remove card details	What are product details?
1	restore order list	My order list is lost
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	I have been scammed
0	how do i reactivate my account	How do I sign in my account?
1	i need to connect representative online	I do not want to connect to a Robot
0	I been on this line over one hour speaking in person is better is better for me as you can see this is hard	seller harassing me to get better reviews
1	What to do	what can I do?"
0	please look on my question here before	you are not answering my question
0	Dear friend, Thanks for your message and order. When we are arranging to refund to you, and the system showed you opened the dispute, so we could not refund to you. Please don't worry. We will not let you lose your money. Could you please cancel the di	do you have a contact number i could call to talk about my dispute please?
0	I have not received my goods	I have received the goods and I also received full refund.
0	this link is empty	I received an empty parcel
1	Are you able to help me?	Are u able to help me
1	Hello, can you help me?	can you help me with something
0	how to remove card	How do I remove items from Shopping Cart?
1	talk to someone	how can I talk to someone on the phone
0	Im interested in purchasing 7 chinese wall lights need little more information	I am interested in information on the dispute.
0	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	Why no further tracking information of my package?
0	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	A dispute opened long ago. The seller is silent.
1	Hello, can you help me?	can you help me with
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	I have accidentally placed double order on the same thing
0	The seller is not refunding me	The seller has deceived me
0	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	i placed order and paid.
0	I cannot contact seller	I want to know the contact detail of a seller.
0	you can help m	can you help me with the status of order
0	I forgot my password and email, and login id	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	seller has not ship my order	What if time is running out and the seller has not sent my order?
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	I paid for an order but it said that is still waiting payment
0	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	Why you do not accept my credit card?
0	Unable to open an account	How can I open a dropshipping account?
0	But i have paid it	I have a question on refund.
0	How to respond	The seller does not respond to me
1	need to check my order	Pls help me to check on my order
1	When will I get the parcel?	When will I get my shipment?
0	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	Why I have a charge on my credit card when i did not place an order?
1	Impossible to create account	I am not able to create an account
0	hello, I was issued a refund for an item not received and now it has been delivered. What can I do to pay?	what shall I do now?
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
1	customer service number	I want customer service phone number
1	i cannot upload	I cannot upload the attachment
1	I want to chat with a real human	i want to get human
1	i'm live in india so how much time to i get product?	if i order today how much time will it take to reach my country
0	Dear friend, Thanks for your message and order. When we are arranging to refund to you, and the system showed you opened the dispute, so we could not refund to you. Please don't worry. We will not let you lose your money. Could you please cancel the di	Could you please call
0	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	I want to place order by phone
0	This doesnt work.	Maestro did not work
0	please clear the cookies in your browser?	I clear the cookies still keep ask me log in
0	how can i email	How can I correct my email address?
1	how to use select coupons	How do I use Select Coupon?
0	Change Shipping address	Can the seller change the address?
0	ORDER MESSAGE AND SELLER MESSAGE?	And Yahoo Message?
0	Why do i have to resubmit the documents i already submitted to you? WHY? WHY? WHY?	Why I do not have refund button?
0	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	I just bought a product and need it to be sent to a different address
1	hi where can i change my shipping address?	I would like to change my shipping address
1	i want to remove my credit card from my account	I want to remove my card details
0	my order was 120 plus total	How much equals 1 plus 1?
0	I can`t see my order	I cannot see the tracking of my order
1	How to place order?	How do I place my order?
0	the seller just said that need to wait some days.	The seller said that the goods lost.
0	how to reject the proposal	What can I do if the seller reject my cancel order request?
1	How to response my dispute case	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	I had placed an order for 17 items and I received two things and the rest of the orders got cancelled as payment was not made. But the money for all the 17 items have been taken from my bank.	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
1	how do i add shipping address?	Can I add my shipping address?
0	Shipping canceled for what reason	What is the quickest shipping option?
0	password retrieval process	Dispute Process number
0	i still have not received my order	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	Hi i have not received my order	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
1	how to get invoice	How do I download invoice?
0	contacting the seller	The seller was not honest
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	I paid 2 times for the same order. What can I do?
1	how to change phone number	How do I change my phone number?
0	how to delete items in wish list	How can I email my wish list?
0	they suggested me to wait for a while for the conformation	What is wait seller confirm account?
0	please do accept tbc	Do you accept payment on delivery?
0	How to delete an order in shopping cart	How can I use shopping cart to place order?
0	i need you to open dispute	I need small help from you
1	how contact the seller	How do I get in contact with the seller?
0	We tried to sign in for an account and the code part does not work	My Moneybookers account does not work.
0	I'd like to know about extra fee. What is it? How can I use?	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	but it's written "delivery failed"	what's the solution?
0	how to set shipping method	How do I choose shipping method?
0	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	How do I pay with Western Union?
0	Why rewards points are going down?	Why my dispute is not going through?
0	appeal for dispute	Why my dispute was finished?
0	You refused my dispute on a product, while I sent the requested photos to the seller. How to challenge this decision?	You sent me an email canceling my payment because the seller was doubtful
1	fast shipping method	I want fast shipping
0	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	The seller rejects my order cancellation request.
0	How to cancel product?	how to cancel a claim?
0	Yes but the seller does not respond	What will happen if the seller does not respond to my dispute?
0	I want to pay but i do not want to pass my card i guess i did not buy longer, i tried to re-enter the data card's visa and scream until 07/19 and it was not over again	I want to buy with a debit card, but I cannot.
0	and there have not called me	I want to have several orders shipped together to me
0	I can not leave feedback because the page is covered with text asking me to put stars	How do I leave feedback?
1	how to cancel the dispute?	how to cancel a claim?
1	how to find the seller	How do I find a seller?
1	please i have a problem	Oh i have a problem
0	How to change my contact details	How do I know product details?
0	How to find the item ship from USA in the store	How do I find a supplier by his store number?
0	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	What will happen after I open dispute?
0	Question is listed above	Can we trust this company listed on the website?
0	What is Domestic Returns	What is EMS?
0	can I sell?	Can I order by telephone?
0	how can i just place preorder?	will not accept debit how can I place order
0	how can I know what type of seeds I have received. There is only a bag of seeds in the parcel. Nothing more. I have three bags now	I have received both parcel and refund.
0	how can I remove from cart?	how can I remove some items from my order
0	i did not forgot my password. i just want to change it frequently.	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	fabric on children's clothes	hey what's up
0	I'll turn off the computer and try it again tomorrow. I think it's your problem. The other internet is not a problem at all....	thanks a lot I'll try
0	the order is under the wrong email	I cannot find my order under my account
0	I finished dispute	I cannot open dispute
0	I cannot contact seller	I want to contact seller.
0	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	What if the seller says he lost my order?
0	want to pay for item that was refunded	I want to return item for a refund
0	how do i delete my account	How do I change the language on my account?
0	i want to recover deleted orders	How do I restore deleted orders?
0	I don't have my two orders. The tracking says delivery failed. I want refund.	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	A couple of weeks ago I searched for NASA shirts in the store, back then it had many results. But now it has no results. How can I find those products again?	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	How do I receive a refund by Boleto?
1	Hello money i want to do what i have to do what i have to do	so what i have to do
0	I have paid twitch	I have pre-paid card and in the transaction is not working
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	Who has created you?
0	i order a coat for the past winter and from jan. the buyer doesnt understand that its too small on me and doesnt want to give me a refund with a lot of stupid causes help me please	Could you please help me?
0	I placed an order and a dispute was opened and still haven't got my refund for over a month now.	I am still waiting for my partial refund for this order
0	where can I find "EDIT member profile"?	Where can I find the commercial invoice?
1	items in one package	Is it possible to combine my package to one?
0	Can I write in german, please?	please i have a question
0	What is the maximum amount of time a dispute lasts?	What is the time there?
1	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
1	yes, I keep trying to pay but it wont work	Why do I keep getting an error when trying to pay for my things?
0	Hello, I've a problem with my Order. Can you help, please	Can you help to track my order?
0	How to put credit card in account	How much is credit card commission?
1	How can I contact customer service	contact customer service
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	Looking for suppliers	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	what will happen when I open dispute	When can I open a dispute?
1	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	Can you send my orders fast?
0	why my orders can not be verified?	Why My Orders is empty?
0	Do i get a shipping discount if it's a large order?	I did not get the discount as promised, what can I do?
0	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find previous products or sellers?
1	how to apply feedback	How can I leave a feedback?
0	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	I opened an dispute and the seller accepted.
1	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	I need to change my product because the size is small
0	Hello I would like to know I have 3 coupons but I do not know how much is worth in franc thank you	What is 3-D authentic code?
0	How to edit on dispute	How do I edit my member profile?
0	I can not make a dispute	How can I make a payment for the frozen product?
0	I cannot see western union option on mac checkout page	How do I get to the checkout page?
0	how to use warranty service?	How to use register coupon?
0	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	I am now in
1	are you an actual person?	Is there an actual person
0	add new shipping address	How many shipping addresses can I add?
0	how do I cancel dispute?	How do I cancel the payment?
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	I tried to open dispute for an order cannot submit
1	I didn't receive my order?	i did not get my order
0	My product did not come. the time is over.	Can I get the product to come faster?
1	i can't buy my order	I click Buy Now but cannot process the order
0	reasons for cancellation	Why my order is closed for security reasons again?
1	##I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them	I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them.
0	I have already send the proof to your colleagues	I do not have your account number to send my payment through Western Union
0	I have to many problems with your buyers	I have problems paying with visa debit card
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	How to narrow my search results?
0	I want to check if they were really ordered, if do i need to cancel one of them	I do not really understand English is it possible to Russian
0	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	What a hot day!
1	i want to ship the order in china	I want my order posted to a China address
0	I can pay when receiving goods	Can I pay for the goods with webmoney purse?
0	I can't open track order	I want to track my order
0	I want to shipped my order all	I want to cancel all my orders.
0	Who is your boyfriend?	Who is the seller?
1	hello some can help me	is there somebody can help me
0	what is confirm goods received	have not received goods
0	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
0	I have a code for 435 off my order put it is not allowing me to put the code in	Why I cannot put my street address
0	What is reward points	I do not have my points
0	I pay seller and my order never arrive	I never received my refund
1	I ordered tea bags in November	I have ordered an item
0	why delivery period extended	Can my purchase protection be extended?
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	How can I make one payment with my card instead of payment.
1	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	Why I was charged twice for one item I purchased?
0	can you ship out with 1 days shipping?	will you ship to my country?
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	Seller stopped to respond me after I send the goods back
0	I have registered with an incorrect email address	I have registered on the site
0	are we corresponding	We do not have area code.
0	I can't open track order	Can I track my order?
0	My tracking is not working.	My address is not working
1	Hi, I need help	i need some help
1	delete order history	how do i delete order history
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	I will try that now
0	I tried paying for an order today but it comes back saying the expiry date is wrong. My expiry date is OK 02/20. This happened about a month ago but was fixed. But, it's happening again.	Can we go on a date?
1	i can't buy my order	Why I cannot buy my goods?
1	can u help me with it instead	can u help me?
1	need to check my order	you can check my order
1	about my order	I wonder about my order
0	How to check my wishlist	How do I check my order shipment?
0	how to advance search	How to search supplier?
1	i ordered a phone, its broken	The product is broken
0	how do i set shipping address?	How do I set as Online" status?"
0	I submitted the appeal and it was disputed successfully	You have Orders which were not placed successfully
0	Subject: random product link/button Hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a ran	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
0	can u answer?	U can't be serious
1	good night thank you	thank you very much
1	I can`t see my order	I did not see my order. Where is it?
0	how do i see coupon	How do I get coupon?
0	i am in mexico, do i need an permission to receive my orden?	I did not receive my coupon, what can I do?
0	Invoice amount is not the same as for orders	I made two orders of the same item
0	what is confirm goods received	The goods I received are damaged
1	how to report the seller.?	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
0	good evening I had a problem with my credit card and the money that was in authorization was returned, have you received my payment?	Someone used my credit card without authorization
0	The chat button is not working	Why the payment button is not working?
0	is there a phone number i may call?	I need a phone number to order
0	i have a credit card appeal	I do not have a credit card
1	i want to return	I want to return my purchase
0	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	How do I purchase from different sellers and it shipped at the same time?
1	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	Can you speed up the shipment of goods, not within 30 days?
0	Need a refund	Do I need to send the product back for refund?
0	What happen if I close a dispute	What will happen after I open dispute?
1	How to contact the seller	How do I contact seller?
0	Hi, can you help me?	please let me know
0	can you please tell me when my orders will be delivered	Can you please tell me your email address
0	my shipment has been cancelled	My email has been hacked
0	hello. i have submitted documentation to prove payment method but it will not allow me to buy. please unlock account	Can I pay with other payment method?
0	I wanna buy something product but very difficult, how to pay money	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	Why I do not return the money?
0	dear i want not buy. its for place a order and the seller can change the price	Can I make change to my order after clicked place order?
0	how do I checked order number	Do I have a tracking number for my order?
0	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	how to use store coupon	How can I use the coupon or coupon code?
0	I have received products I didn't order. I did order from another company which do not seem to be connected to you	i cannot seem to be able to order
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	same email address another account
0	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	I need cancel an order but the seller still not cancel.
0	I placed an order the order was not shipped I paid for the order and shipping fee I was only refunded my order fee only and shipping fee was not refunded why?	I cancelled an order and have not been refunded
0	i received only one shows in my order	Can I order just one item for my personal use?
0	you have other mode to pay. no card	Can I use PayPal to pay as I do not have a credit card
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	I received a wrong product, what can I do?
0	how to find good seller?	find a diamond seller for me
0	how to delete card	how to delete paid order
0	how respond on escalated dispute?	How long should I wait till I get answer about escalated dispute?
0	How long is my order arriving? Is it over? Will I have the refund?	I have canceled my order. How long will cancellation take effect
0	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	Hello I am havin this message when trying to buy something For system security reasons, we need to verify your identity. Please check your email within 24 hours for instructions regarding additional information to provide to us to complete the verification	i need your email address
0	I cannot response to claim	I want the refund of the claim.
0	upload evidence video	I cannot upload attachment.
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	I want to return item for a refund
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	I paid for my order, and I am being asked to pay it again, what do I do?
0	why is my dispute invalid	Why it is invalid tracking number?
0	change my credit card number	this is my number
0	Unable to sign in due to the code problem	Problem with chat! Error code 83 pls help!
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	Can the coins return to me if I cancel preorder?
0	Please cancel my account as details are wrong	Please cancel my order.
0	Hi i want to ask where my sneakers are, thank you	I want to ask you about this seller
1	how i can sell one product in u site	Can I sell on your website?
0	leave a feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
1	how i print invoices	how i print a invoice
0	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	how to know whether my order is cancelled or not?
0	I have contacted the seller	I already contacted you last time
1	i want to know my refund payment status	I want to know about refund
0	r u idiot?	r u there
1	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	Where do I find information on dispute?
0	Subject: random product link/button Hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a ran	I want to know more about product specifications.
1	Closed dispute in favor of the store	Why was the dispute case closed without informing me?
0	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	They still haven't arrived	The package arrived without any instructions or manual.
0	We tried to sign in for an account and the code part does not work	We do not have area code.
1	I asked a couple of questions?	I am new to this and have a few questions that i prefer to speak to
0	I want to know If i can to speak with the seller before buy a product.	I need my product before Saturday
0	how to use bank transfer?	How long will payment by bank transfer be received?
1	Eva are you for real, like a real person or a robot.	Are you a real person?
1	Hello, I'd like to join your affiliate program and I'd like to use my YouTube channel. Can I use my YouTube channel link for the website	How to join in Affiliate Program?
1	how to pay via western union	How do I pay with Western Union?
0	The shipment of my product has been cancelled. Can't contact the seller	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
0	How do I cancel my account	How do I cancel my order?
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017 go to hell	I want to buy 4 items in one transaction
0	how to check refund	where can i check my refund has been transfer
0	Hi i have not received my order	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	how no phone number i been on this service for over a hour	How do I change my phone number?
1	I am trying to submit a return and the submit button is not working!	The submit button on dispute form is not working
0	reply me soon	You reply very fast.
1	Unable to upload image in the dispute	I cannot upload documents.
0	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	Why did not I get the confirmation email after ordering?
0	For example this store, How to find the item ship from USA	I want to find a store
0	how to delete messages	how to delete paid order
0	how to respond dispute	I opened a dispute and the seller did not respond, the dispute was closed.
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	If I use my credit card, is it secure?
0	I have an issue	i have a problem with the dispute issue
0	you hopeless piece of shit	How do I buy in piece?
1	how do I report a fraud seller	How can I report a fraud seller?
1	can you check my dispute?	I want to check the status of my dispute
0	I need to do an urgent quick shop	How do I find a shop
1	How to extend buyers protection?	How do I extend the product receipt time?
0	My order has been retained in the Portuguese customs, I need a proof of purchase, invoice, receipt, how can I do?	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
1	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	How do I change the size of the product?
1	restore order list	I would like to see the order in My Orders list
1	and I need to cancel the dispute	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	How do I remove my email address	how do I remove items from my required payments list?
0	how to have a developer account via please?	how to have a phone number please
1	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
1	What is wish list	What is a wish list?
1	The online service button is not activated	How to find online chat service representative quickly?
0	where is the appeal button?	live chat button
0	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	I want to replace the broken item.
1	i want to ship the order in china	I want to ship my product to China but I cannot find it in the country list
0	Can not you talk to me?	Can any of you talk to in Arabic
0	please can you tell me about shipment to Pakistan	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	my shipment is cancelled	I want to track my shipment
0	annot find a way to submit my proof of credit card info and my identification, every link is a blank page, I am overwhelmed with the feed back process that every store requires? I would be more than happy to submit my information so order verification team	I can't submit evidence to my case
1	How to find the order number?	How can I find my order number?
0	will My goods arrive directly to my hand or do I have to go to customs ofice	I have not received by goods. seized by Customs
0	I pay seller and my order never arrive	Why my product does not arrive and my seller does not answer?
0	i ordered a phone, its broken	I ordered Nike shoes and accept it
0	What is my payment status?	my product status is awaiting receipt. What do u mean?
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	Do you accept moneybookers?
0	i think my tracking number is a fake	What is my tracking number?
0	Hello money i want to do what i have to do what i have to do	I have not made ??these purchases. What can I do?
1	how do i reactivate my account	How do I reactivate account?
0	how to find seller rating	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	number will received	order not received
0	that does not work	Payment does not work
0	I still not hear Anything about mij contact we have before	I have accidentally placed double order on the same thing
0	when I can leave feedback?	Can I leave a private feedback?
0	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	would it be possible to speak with someone who can help me
0	How do I check if a seller reliable?	How do I check where my order is?
1	how to open a dispute	I want to open dispute
0	Can I get payment receipt for orders of all sellers?	I bought from different sellers so my orders will be sent all together or not?
1	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	The Open Dispute button is inactive.
0	This is over 30 days I guess. Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	How do I leave feedback?
0	I can't create and sign in account. won't let me after I enter the code	How do I sign out after use my account?
0	someone else know vietnamese?? I wanna oder	is there someone else there who you can ask?
1	will all item be shipped together	Do all purchases come together?
0	Hope you can understand. Looking forward to hearing from you to confirm, thank you in advance. Best regards.	do you understand Chinese
0	how to find good seller?	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	what is happening	What is TradeManager?
0	you don't understand me	You won't answer me.
0	good day I made a purchase 6 months ago and did not arrive the seller says he had problems with customs. but it has not solved me neither the refund nor the product I need help since he does not answer me	My supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
1	Can you talked to me	Can you help me?
0	Not satisfied with dispute	Can I return a product if I am not satisfied?
0	feedback is not showing	My order is not showing
0	how to delete items in wish list	How to move items from a wish list in the basket?
0	Hi i want to change my password. How can i do that?	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	I bought a coat on April 28 forgot the email and the password I have already paid for the credit card, and I have already made the order, follow the link of the product purchased	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
0	I need help with my appeal	I need your help with my purchase
1	how can I open a dispute?	How do I open a dispute?
0	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	If you know a date that my order will arrive?
0	The time of my order arrives is over, will I have the refund?	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	how to fi	How are you?
0	Impossible to create account	It is impossible to open dispute.
0	The product came but I can not transfer the money to the seller	the product has been returned to the seller. When can I get my money
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	I have made orders, which have Free EMS shipping from one supplier (seller). But He sent my parcel in one box airmail.
1	I can't leave a feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback for my order?
1	I need contact with a real person	I need a real person
0	Good morning, Eva. It is possible to verify a request made by me because DHL did not identify my purchase by the tracking code.	I made purchase but they closed my order.
0	What happen to you	What is happen after order was frozen?
1	hello some can help me	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	hello, there no chat now available since yesterday until now. why?	Why I put stuff in my cart but now they are gone?
0	You're a robot?	I know that you are a robot.
1	unable to set the shipping address	My shipping address is not in English
0	hello my mastercard isn't accepted although i have 3d secure...	What is 3D secure code?
0	Hello The reimbursement has been made but it still does not exist I buy but not accepted	I made a purchase but the store does not exist
0	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	how you can be contacted?
0	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	I am curious about you.
0	We are receiving an error saying that the "Bank has declined our payment"	My payment gets declined
0	and until now I have had no answers	You have entered incorrect e-mail
1	Hey. I have not received a refund yet of cash from the auction number	I have not received my refund from the seller
0	Unable to sign in due to the code problem	Sign in error. Error code: 83. Please contact our Service Team.
0	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	i pay my order but not processed yet
1	and l do not know english and the translator is not going	I do not know much English
0	Is there a way to delete my account?	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	how to cancel escalated dispute	how to cancel accepted dispute
0	I think I just ordered twice? same thing by mistake	I paid twice for the same item. what can I do?
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	not arrived item
0	So are you not able to help?	You are so stupid
0	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	When will you verify my credit card?
0	No, you do not see it.	never mind see you later
0	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	I am unable to change my email address. It says it is already in use.
0	pay for order	Can I pay for order offline?
0	please i need to file for an appeal	I need some advise here please.
1	how do I change shipping address	How can I change the wrong shipping address?
0	I would like it as soon as possible	I would like to pay in Euro
0	can't view order	How to view tracking number
0	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	Why I have not received my confirmation email?
0	i can't find it	I want to find a store
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	I have been charged extra
0	still haven't received my refund	My order still not received my coupon
0	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
1	how to contact customer service.	How can I contact Russian customer service?
1	What to do	what do i do?
0	I am trying to submit a return and the submit button is not working!	I do not want to submit my credit card statement
1	No, I need an answer from you.	I need small help from you
0	Looking for suppliers	Where can I get the phone number of suppliers?
0	for my phone	My phone number not accepted. Please help
0	my price forward	price is different
0	Do you have a representative in Saudi Arabia?	Do you have girlfriend?
0	how do I change shipping address	How do I set up shipping address?
1	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	Why my account was debited twice for the order?
0	My account iz broken	How to delete my account?
0	Yes product same seller same item	What can I do if I commanded twice for the same product?
0	Yes I brought a wig and what i wanted they done have	i wanted t discuss my order
0	please help already 20 days is done but payment not get	Please ， help me Urgently
0	i accidentally cancelled my order	When will I get my refund for the cancelled order
0	where is the "here?"	Where is the reply?
0	So who will provide a answer	Who are you?
1	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	I cannot find my order details.
1	i sent a request but nothing came through	I wonder about the request
0	why coins not added	Why my rewarded points are not added?
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons??	Why my purchase did not go through?
0	good day I made a purchase 6 months ago and did not arrive the seller says he had problems with customs. but it has not solved me neither the refund nor the product I need help since he does not answer me	He has sent me really nasty emails
0	Question about selling	can I ask a question about an order?
1	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	Why the item cannot be saved to wish list?
0	how to check buyer protection	How to extend my buyer protection time?
0	I want to send you a photo for asking you if an item is available to any supplier of your site. Is it possible and how I can do that?	how can i send you mail
0	recently due to this email is not received i was not able to contact the seller in time to increase the protection time	What is the time limit for the seller to ship my order?
0	I am trying to submit a return and the submit button is not working!	I cannot submit evidence to my case
0	How to respond	The supplier does not respond the case
0	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	can you send package to my country?
0	OF THIS YOU HAVE NOT BEEN MADE YOU MUST PAY	Why you ask for another payment when I have already made payment?
0	I don't want to lie about my reason, the item is damaged.	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	i have attached all documents	Why all of my paid items have disappeared from my account?
0	Has it shipped?	I have shipped back the goods but the order has been completed.
0	I can not make an appeal	Can I make several wish lists?
0	How do I get coupon	How to get a coupon back?
0	i dont want to cancel	I want to cancel payment.
1	I want to change the size	How can I change size?
1	how to get invoice	How do I get invoice?
1	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	do you have a phone number i can ring
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	I tried to make payment by card but it did not let me
0	where is the coupon page?	Page not available
1	how to reach the payment support team?	How do I contact service team?
0	how do i place order?	How do I cancel my order?
0	hello, I've put a dispute	hello from spain
1	Is cash on delivery option is available?	Is there a option for cash on delivery?
0	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	I have some extra charge on my credit card
0	i cant see it there	Where can I see the recipient?
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to reorder some items.
0	will all item be shipped together	How can I pay all the orders together?
0	I made the payment first.	I made payment. When will I know the payment go through?
0	I forgot the security question	I forgot to put my name on shipping address
0	how to open a dispute?	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
0	Can I buy without a mobile?	Can you find a supplier for me without any complaints record if I want to buy?
0	where do I find the shopping cart	I cannot find some of the items I put in my shopping cart
0	What if I don't like the way the dress fits or it is the wrong size? Can I return it for a refund?	I am trying to order a dress but it is not giving me a size to choose.
0	i did this all already and i was chatting with a member of your team and they said that it would be resolved by a day or so and it still has not been resolved	I have returned my order but the order has already been completed.
0	ok but we don't requested the our goods in your mentioned period	I don't know.
0	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	I just placed an order
0	I need help to register my account.	I want to reactivate my account. Please help.
0	which account the refund money	Refund to a different account.
0	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	How can i get my money back from canceled order?
0	hi i still haven't received any of my orders	Hi! I'M Brazilian
1	How to pay using ideal payment	Can I pay with iDeal?
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	How can I get back my money?
1	how I can contact with you	How can I contact you?
1	I forgot the security question	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
0	Why does it take so long for my payment to be processed	How long does it take to verify my payment?
0	I canceling order i made by an mistake	I selected the option of receiving my order by mistake
0	Hi, I am not able to open my account	Am I able to sell things?
1	What is my order?	what happened with my order
0	i need my money	I need to by a product for my daughter.
1	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	My orders are closed and I do not know why.
0	i have a credit card appeal	I have problem in paying online with my credit card
0	from where are your products coming?	I want to sell your products
0	I wrote may a week ago a report on this site. Please check it	may i type
0	yes, please be patient	Yes can you help
0	:) I write in English	I write wrong name
0	it is not letting me sign in?	trying to sign in and it is telling me service is unavailable
0	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	if the store ask me to cancel the order will I get refund?
0	How do I exchange coins for coupon	How do I exchange the item for the right size?
1	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	I have orders stopped in customs
0	pay for order	I cannot pay for your order.
0	done all of that	Why the order has been canceled but the payment already done?
1	need your urgent assistance	I need your help Anna
0	I want to appeal your judgment.	Give Your Phone No. I want to talk
0	Can I buy without a mobile?	Can I register and buy as firm?
0	I don't have my two orders. The tracking says delivery failed. I want refund.	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	i submit my appeal and nothing happens	Why nothing happens after I click some button?
0	package description should not be mentioned	Where is the package?
1	hi, i have a problem	I have a problem with this order
0	are you sure that you cain t help me??	can you help me with
0	exceeded number of purchase	It is difficult to purchase
0	the seller have other behavior	i have a dispute with the seller
0	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	Hi! I'M Brazilian
1	can i speak to a real person?	can i talk to a real person?
1	i have a problem with seller	I have a problem with a bad seller
0	How do I use Warranty Service?	How do I use the coupon I got?
0	its telling your account is suspended	Would you send me your TT account?
1	urge seller to ship the ite,	The seller refuse to ship my order
0	What does security check failure mean	What does 1 lot mean?
0	I paid this shoes I HAVEN'T NEVER RECEIVE	I never got a refund
1	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	I cannot find my order number online
0	hello, how can I invite friends	Do you have friends?
1	how to change currency in pkr.	How can I change the currency?
1	do u have a phone number	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call?
0	I don't know English	I don't know.
1	How to edit my phone number	How do I edit my fax number?
0	my orders are doubled how do I start over	How do I find my presale orders?
0	add email address	How can I add my shipping address?
0	My product did not come. the time is over.	The processing time is over, and the seller has not sent the goods
0	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	Is there any other way I can make a payment by PayPal?
0	This is over 30 days I guess. Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	How can I leave poor rating for seller?
1	Do you speak italian?	do you speak russian
0	Hi One of my purchases on the Tracking information has had the "Shipment Cancelled" what does this mean and will I still get my parcel	What does Awaiting shipment return" mean?"
0	This chat REALLY SUCKS.	this chat is automatic?
1	i need to connect representative online	How to find online chat service representative quickly?
1	How can I open a dispute	How do I open an dispute?
0	can i buy from Iran	if I do not have visa can I buy from this website?
1	I need a real person, please	can I speak with a real person?
0	Why my package is blocking the original country?	Why the order can not be shipped in my country?
0	I do not know the problem	I do not know English.
0	I purchased an iteam yesterday and i have been charged the iteam which is showing on my credit card statement am trying to find out why when i go into my purchase history is not showing the order number or tracking number	I have been given my tracking number, but it cannot be tracked
0	I would like to know about an object that I bought and that I can not access the tracking by the code	i would like to know about the duty and tax
0	Escalate Judgement from AE	There is no escalate dispute button
1	So how can I chat with human	can I talk with a human?
0	What is an appeal?	What is TradeManager?
1	i bought five cell phones and ipad	What if I already paid?
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	how do I get all my items into one cart?
0	how to check feedback?	how to check dispute reason
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	i dont speak english
1	need Artificial services	how do I chat with the services team
0	Hello, I have tried several times to pay and every time I fill the card information and click pay the website tells me there has been and error. I have tried around five times now and it just says that there may be something wrong with the information but	I pressed Pay Now button 3 times. What can I do?
0	save card information	Where is product information?
0	i am not able see dispute history	I am not able to pay through debit card
1	I want invoice	I did not receive the invoice
0	Hi One of my purchases on the Tracking information has had the "Shipment Cancelled" what does this mean and will I still get my parcel	My order shows Fund Processing, what does it mean?
1	how to open a dispute for complete order	How to open dispute for completed order
0	but i had a problem with the seller regarding to Accessories. after hearing that problem i spoke wtih BEA AND DOREEN. they assured me to speak with the seller. so, untill i do not know what is going on.	I turned to you with a problem and you do not answer me!?
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	After I click login it gives me an error message
0	Why rewards points are going down?	Why my card is not going through?
0	I can not use a coupon or get discount.	How can I use the coupon or coupon code?
0	you don't understand me	do you understand Chinese
0	coins are not added	Will coins return when cancel preorder?
0	i want to reset my password	Why can not I reset password?
0	How do I get coupons or discounts	Why don't i get coupons???
1	hello anyone their	do u help anyone?
0	how do I get discount from the seller	How do I order from the same seller?
0	after received item I found out it is not working	Why I have not received my refund after more than 20 working days?
0	that does not work	Coupon does not work
0	how to use coupons	How do I use my coupons?
1	add new address	Can I add more shipping address?
1	The goods I purchased do not work. I have contacted the seller direct but am getting only emojis as replies. Cannot open a dispute.	Why I cannot open dispute?
0	l understand my problem is costing me a lot of writing and does not give me an explanation	the seller does not give me answer my request.
0	turn me back to operator	Why after I click pay for my order, it sends me back to login?
1	cannot leave feedback	I cannot leave feedback.
0	are we corresponding	Can we go on a date?
0	you can reactivate a canceled order?	I canceled my order. When can I get my money?
0	But the product is requested	Is the product in stock?
0	what do you mean u cant help	my product status is awaiting receipt. What do u mean?
0	order closed payment not processed	How do I receive a refund for a closed order with TT payment?
1	When did I cancel the canceled payment of the account?	When will refund with my order canceled?
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	Will I get notification of refund?
0	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I change feedback?
0	I just want to remove credit card from site	I want my refund to another credit card
0	my order isn't being processed	My order was cancelled but my money is still being held
0	where d0 i get my 20%	where can I get my refund details
0	how a make new store	How to make payment with Doku?
0	The seller is not responding me	the seller lied to me
0	All my orders has this note, and it seems like its not sending..	How can I pay all of my orders at once?
0	How to set that no one can send message	How can I contact the seller to send information?
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	I have been sent a faulty item
1	i cancelled an order and i need my money to go back on my card immediately	I cancelled the order. where my money for the goods?
0	after open dispute	The open dispute button is blocked.
1	i cannot send any message to the vendors	I cannot write the message in the message center
1	i receive a email says i did not pay, but i have paid and i have the confirmation	I have not received payment confirmation email
0	how to leave additional feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	how to verify account	How do you verify the legitimacy of your companies?
0	Registration email is not working	The dispute button is not working.
0	Hello. I was in touch with a customer service rep on the 10th of May and I still have not heard back	hello customer service?
1	the tracking number is not available, so i contacted the seller	What if the seller gave me fake tracking number?
0	hello, there no chat now available since yesterday until now. why?	Where is it now?
1	I want a human!	I want to get human
1	what is your phone number	what is the phone number to contact you directly
0	How do I cancel account?	How do I reactivate account?
1	who will reimbursement seller on aliexpress	I would like to know when I will receive my reimbursement?
0	sir i have rupay debit card but not accept	I do not have a credit card
0	Hope you can understand. Looking forward to hearing from you to confirm, thank you in advance. Best regards.	you do not understand
0	i want to be seller	I want to know if a seller is trustworthy?
0	i did not receive the products	I did not receive the invoice
0	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	My credit card is being declined. Do you know why?
0	i log in to webpage and i get this message :We have noticed an unusual activity in your account. This might be because you tried to sign in from another location or device. To protect your account we have temporarily locked it. To regain access, please pro	I do not have your account number to send my payment through Western Union
0	how to open dispute for completed orders	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	how to upload evidence	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	how do I reset password	Why can not I reset password?
1	reset account password	How can I reset my password?
0	Do you have a representative in Saudi Arabia?	Do you have sister?
1	I need your help...	I need help.
1	who can help me please?	can u please help me?
0	what is escrow fee	What is a international technology fee?
0	A couple of weeks ago I searched for NASA shirts in the store, back then it had many results. But now it has no results. How can I find those products again?	too many searching results
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us us dollars or our currency?	i need to know if you take mastercard?
1	i receive the order after getting refund	I received my order after refund
1	How do I get coupons or discounts	When do I get my coupons?
0	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	None of the above
0	How to delete an order in shopping cart	How long the products can be kept in Shopping Cart?
1	impossible to join contact customer support	What is customer support email?
1	how to get the order number?	How to find the order number?
0	No please listen.....I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please h	Can I buy more than one item at the same time?
0	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	Do you accept business credit cards?
1	how to confirm a order	How to confirm delivery?
0	Hello Eva, hoow are you?	fuck eva you are hot
0	how i can verified my account	How can I get Verified by Visa?
0	r u idiot?	hey how r u?
0	how can I cancel the order	How can I dispute the order?
0	can i buy from Iran	I will buy from other website
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	I want to edit my name on shipping address
1	you not understand me to help us	You do not understand me
1	I didn't receive my order?	I did not receive my order
0	I want to speak with the worker	i need to speak portuguese
0	still haven't received my refund	I have paid for my order for more than 7 days by bank transfer, but my order is still pending payment.
0	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	I wanted to ask if I order something how long it usually takes
0	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	how do i get my refund i am not getting reply to my requests
1	how to open dispute on completed order?	How to open dispute if my order has been completed?
0	can not login my account	Why my Facebook login does not work?
0	I ask you to return money or send new items with a tracking number!	I wanna return the items to the seller
0	I have been asking for help for 30 minutes. Please put your boss on?	How long have I been your member?
0	Yes, but she does not respond so quickly, you can not watch help me please please	Please help me to get my parcel
0	I have to many problems with your buyers	I have some problems with my account
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	I am failed to open a dispute
0	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	so what i have to do
0	what does shipment cancelled mean	What does awaiting delivery" mean?"
1	When will refund be done?	When will I get my refund?
0	but i can't use it... i made an order before and i can't pay anything with it	I confirm order before I got it. What can i do?
1	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call
0	how do i delete my account	How do I edit my account?
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	I am now in
0	Subject: random product link/button Hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a ran	I have a question on purchasing this product.
0	sir how to buy	How do I buy in piece?
0	Still not there either	Why the claim is still in processing?
0	i got new debit card how do i up date my card	I cannot pay with my debit card, what can I do?
0	l do not want more money l want my shipment and fast for that l pay an extra the time l need to understand?	I want fast shipping
1	are u a live person	how do I chat with a live person
0	how to get the order number?	How to get the tracking number?
1	how to edit profile	How can I make changes to my profile?
1	i need to speak with someone	I need help man.
0	Hello. I reached out for customer service 3 times now.	hello customer service?
0	its less than 20	Why the payment received is less than I paid?
0	i am very upset	I received item with very bad condition
0	My dispute is over, and now it's over, and now?	Will I be over charged?
0	No, you do not see it.	Why I do not see the orders on the website?
0	how can i change my credit card details	I want to remove my card details
0	If I order a shipping free product, do i need to pay for custom duty in my country??	Do I place a custom order?
0	What are you doing	what state are you located in?
0	you can reactivate a canceled order?	How can I contact you for my transactions being canceled?
0	How do I delete feedback	How do I reply to feedback?
0	What is Easy Returns?	What is a lot?
0	add credit card information	Somebody used my credit card.
0	Hi i have not received my order	I have not received a partial refund of my order
0	HI see my message i sent you a minute ago	Where is the message sent by the supplier
0	appeal for dispute	how to check dispute reason
1	how do i contact your seller	How do I contact the vendor?
0	I forgot my password and email	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	my order is still processing	my order is still waiting to be shipped
0	Did not pay back	How can I pay back?
0	I cancel order and status refund ist not change	Can I cancel my order if the order status says Payment Processing?
0	can I order without mobile phone?	I can not use mobile coupon
1	cannot leave feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback for my order?
1	I can't seem to edit the name that is associated with my account. Im not sure how it defaulted to a different name other than mine but i cant seem to find how to change it	Can I change my last name on this account?
0	What is my Wish List for	How many items can be in my Wish List?
1	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	Do you have any email?
0	my order return to you?	Why my order froze? My order will come to me or return?
0	do you have a solution for that	do you have money?
0	i asked a question	I placed my order and the seller asked to cancel.
1	how to change card	I need to change my credit card details.
0	how do i reactivate my account	How do I change the language on my account?
0	I canceled my order without giving cargo but could you help my param still not getting into the account?	Why you canceled my order?
0	How do I cancel account?	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	how can I repot a fraud seller	How can I contact the seller to send information?
0	were can i find the barcode	How can I find the details for my order?
1	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	I've placed a order
1	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	Why I cannot find order in my account?
0	After 15 days, no dispute has been opened	I opened a dispute and my application has already been closed
0	how to file complaint	how to file dispute when confirmation timeout
0	I know the web site is english. I already use chat and the people was able to understand me.	I want to chat with you on the web cam
0	COME TO MY BED	Does my order automatically come with the Buyers Protection?
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	Why I need to pay again?
1	I need your help...	I need your help Anna
0	its there in Line haul from a long time	How long will it take if I order from you
1	can I change size	I made a purchase and want to change the size
0	waiting for reply	the status shows waiting for acceptance,
1	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	I has sent all documents for credit card verification. What will happen?
0	What is my Wish List for	Why my wish list is empty?
0	he seller says we have returned the money. I did not get the money.	Seller agreed to refund the money, how do I get them?
0	I cannot find my save for later list	I want to ship my product to China but I cannot find it in the country list
0	I want to group suppliers by country	I want to ship to another country
1	hello some can help me	can someone help me
0	i do not Understand EVA what you mean.	You do not understand me
1	how do i add shipping address?	Can I add more shipping address?
1	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	can I send you e-mail?
0	how do i delete my account	how do I receive my refund order? in my bank account?
0	Hello, how can I sponsor a friend?	hello I have a problem with a store
1	Can I chat a person? Robot eva is not getting it	i need a live person to chat with
1	Are you able to help me	can you help me?
0	Who will bear the shipping cost?	Why the seller require shipping cost for free shipping item?
0	how many item I will received	How many shipping addresses can I add?
0	my shipment cancelled	When will I get my shipment?
0	I cannot sign into my accounts. I have two accounts with you and both are blocked	I have received both goods and full refund?
0	Where to get a refund?	Where accept partial refund offer?
1	this is robot?	are you there? or is a robot
1	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	Why I cannot place order?
0	I am so angry	i am in
0	When i pay for an item in the shopping cart, you already have my credit card details saved, I'm not happy with that.	When will I receive my refund if I pay with Credit Card?
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	i have placed 3 orders
0	my payment was failed	Why I failed to set my shipping address
0	i accidentally cancelled my order	My order was cancelled but I have not received my refund
1	i cannot pay an order	I cannot pay for purchase
1	how to set my currency	How can I change the currency?
1	i wanna know about ma order	I want to know something about my order
0	please read above	I can not make out where to read messages
0	I have made many orders with other suppliers and they have all been very serious in their work	Please give me your e-mail support for your site
1	I canceled the order but have not yet refunded my money	I have canceled an order, when can I get my money back?
1	I want to call	is there a phone no i can call
1	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	If I want to cancel my order how many days the money will be back in my account
1	i need to chat now	i want to chat
1	I am trying to pay for my order. Can I pay with iDeal?	Can I pay with iDeal?
0	i accidentally cancelled my order	Why my order is cancelled?
0	save credit card	Somebody used my credit card.
0	I tried to extend the purchase protection but seller is silent. When I try to open a dispute the system not permitted me tod do it.	How do I open a dispute?
0	link open a dispute	I cannot open dispute
0	How can I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I can not find the button Confirm Order Received"
0	After the dispute was opened the seller reassured me that it will arrive	I opened dispute but did not get an answer
0	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	An account already exists with the E-mail you submitted
1	how to get the order number?	How to find my order number?
1	How to return back the item	I want to return the item
0	What I should do?	What should I do to get my refund?
0	I can not cancel the dispute.	I cancel a dispute, can I reopen dispute?
0	Hi, can you verify an invoice?	When will you verify my credit card?
1	Can I be connected to a live operator, please.	can i speak with operator?
0	I can not evaluate the seller	I can not leave a message to the seller
0	I am waiting for payment verification?	I am waiting for refund of one product
0	How to delete coupon?	how to delete my extra order
0	Specific country warranty	I have tried finding specific brand, but cannot find it, am I searching it wrong?
0	How to get reward points	Why my rewarded points are not added?
1	how to set the shipping address	How do I set my shipping address?
0	I need help to register my account.	i need help with tracking my shipment
1	would like to talk to a person	can i have a person to talk to
1	How can i get the nacional tracking code for my product?	How can I find my tracking number?
0	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	I've ordered something and tomorrow it's been 3 weeks and he's still not help me	How can I change a size of something i ordered?
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	how do i delete my orders under my account	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	feedback is not showing	Why my order is not showing?
0	how can I'm get my Refund	How can I see the refund I get
0	Hi Eva! need to delete my old credit card and register a new credit card	I want my refund to another credit card
1	How to delete coupon?	How do I delete coupon?
0	What do you say i don't understand you	what to say
0	Unable to open an account	I am unable to sign in
0	Iam doing singing in my account but it is not working	Why my tracking code is not working?
0	Contact your reseller in his name Yvone Lee	I forgot to write a surname in the contact name
0	i want to get receipt	I can not confirm receipt of goods.
0	I cannot response to claim	Why am I waiting the other party's response?
0	Then this must be joke, you must be kidding me,,,	how much I must pay for customs duties and tax
0	I wanted to buy something and in the payment options, only creditcard is available	Is something wrong with your payment options?
0	BUT THE ARTICLE IS ALREADY IN PORTUGAL	My article has already been paid but it is marked as unpaid.
0	I have problem tracking one of my order it over 15days now	I have a problem with this order
0	how to apply feedback	How do I apply a coupon code?
1	hey. is this online chat?	are you online?
0	items in one package	I received my items but the supplier sent the wrong one
1	hi where can i change my shipping address?	I am not managing to change my shipping address
0	How do I cancel my account	How do I sign in my account?
1	i need to speak with maria	I need speak to a human
0	please someone who knows spanish l find it hard to write and translate and then translate what he writes to me	who help me
0	I was paying with the American card and I already put 2 times the information on the card and the payment was not processed as the message tells me there was an error	Why I was charged 2 times?
1	I pay seller and my order never arrive	the seller never sent my order
0	im trying to figure out why order was cancelled	I cannot figure out which seller is better
0	Hello money i want to do what i have to do what i have to do	i only have a debit card what should i do
0	how to upload evidence	i cannot upload a photo
0	luffy can I have the address or direction puffy gave me yesterday	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	Can I pay with seller offline?
1	how no phone number i been on this service for over a hour	i need the customer service phone number
0	But you are saying anything about my refund	Do I need do anything to make a refund?
0	the payment write For security reasons this process can not be continued.	I can not write my Danish address
0	Need a refund	need a man
0	Hello good afternoon I would like to ask a question, I made my request and waited for confirmation of it, and the page told me that the tracking would be available in 5-10 days. The days have passed and I can not trace my request, what is happening?	i would like to ask a question
0	annot find a way to submit my proof of credit card info and my identification, every link is a blank page, I am overwhelmed with the feed back process that every store requires? I would be more than happy to submit my information so order verification team	I cannot submit my dispute form
0	why delivery period increased	Ordered but they increased price suddenly.
0	how to fi	How much is it?
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	I am not satisfied with the goods
1	how to return item	How do I return this item for refund?
1	Unable to sign for an account	I cannot sign in my account
0	watch for me please	please let me know
0	I want to do shopping how to buy	Nothing has come.
1	really need a human to talk to	i need to speak with a human
1	can you see my question?	are you a computer or do you get my Question?
0	I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please help	How can I combine the shipping fee if I order several items from one seller?
0	change my credit card number	I want to change my address
0	problem with the bad seller	Your English is bad.
0	how to change coins to coupon	How can I use the coupon or coupon code?
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	I paid with a debit card, when will be refunded?
0	i am not receiving purchase protection order email	I received an email saying they froze my purchase because detected fraud
0	i still have not received my order	I have not received a partial refund of my order
0	has nothing to do w my order	Nothing has come.
0	What is wish list	How to add product to Wish List
0	Hi i have not received my order	My order was cancelled but I have not received my refund
0	I have my credit card with you for instant pay,	Do you charge me bank service fees if I pay for my orders with credit card?
0	How to check select coupon	How to select good supplier?
0	seller has not ship my order	What is the time limit for the seller to ship my order?
0	i am problem with my order	I am having problem with a merchant.
0	It's being only today I have received it	I only received a partial shipment
1	i need store http joi li	I want to find a store
1	i need to chat now	I want to chat with administration
0	I just want to remove credit card from site	I want to remove a transaction
0	How to verify your account	How long does it take to verify my payment?
0	how many item I will received	I have received the order but item is not working
1	Why can't I place an order	I want to place an order but I cannot
0	and until now I have had no answers	An account already exists with the E-mail you submitted
1	how to find reliable seller	How to know if the supplier is reliable?
0	Dispute in Progress means	which means merchandise awaiting acceptance?
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	hello this is my first time here.	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	how to cancel the dispute?	Why did you cancel the dispute?
0	A long time ago I forgot what my password was. I tried to get somebody to help me bust nobody would. I stopped buying things from the website.	is there somebody can help me
0	because the platform is blocked is days	The open dispute button is blocked.
1	They sent me a defective product. Both products are not the same. I just demand the fee.	The product I bought is defective, what should I do?
0	How to response my dispute case	What is the solution of my case?
0	hello, I had received massage through phone app that my order delivered, but however the item I did not receive	I did not receive confirmation after my order
0	I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please help	How can I place multiple orders from same seller so that shipping will be together?
0	hello. how i can ask the seller for the bill for my company	Can I choose shipping company?
0	What happen to you	I has sent you a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What will happen?
0	how to add additional feedback	How to add video as my evidence?
0	always refunding progress	When will I receive refund for dispute in progress?
0	So are you not able to help?	You are so lovely
1	Closed dispute in favor of the store	the dispute closed by itself without agreeing
1	NET PAYMENT CAN I MAKE	I want to pay by net-banking
1	Hello, I just made an order but I was wrong in the delivery address, how can I change it?	How can I change the address on my order?
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	I have ordered an item
0	open dispute but seller refuse to refund	I need to cancel order but the seller refuse to cancel.
1	Ho do You speak italian?	can you write in Italian?
1	can i speak to a real person?	I need a real person
0	Iam doing singing in my account but it is not working	My address is not working
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	I do not want to submit my credit card statement
0	I can't create and sign in account. won't let me after I enter the code	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	I cant open dispute because it's delivered	i cant call you
0	exceeded number of purchase	the commission to pay for the purchase of goods?
1	can i talk to a live person?	I need to talk to a person
0	from where are your products coming?	Can I resell your products?
0	how do I get my order number	How do I add a PO number to my order,
1	Hello, i'm from Poland	i'm atef from egypt
0	NET PAYMENT CAN I MAKE	I was unable to make payment
0	hello, i have 3 cancelled orders and i still have not receive my order	hello I have a problem with a store
1	What I should do?	what should i do?
1	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	My email address is wrong and I need change it.
0	How old are you	how do you delete an old order
1	I would be happy to talk to a person	an i talk to a real person
0	delete wish list	Why the item cannot be saved to wish list?
0	hi, How to resume the dispute? i am travelled and dispute was closed	I am interested in information on the dispute.
0	So far, this chat isn't going well.	I opened a dispute and so far nothing
0	it said: tracking details will be available in 10 days	Are you available?
0	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	i order product i never received
0	I do not want to cancel my order	Please cancel my order. I do not want it anymore.
0	I have a code for 435 off my order put it is not allowing me to put the code in	When I click sign in, I do not have field to put my email and password.
0	Are you married?	Are you there?
0	My dispute is taking too long, why?	my transaction has been frozen too long
1	why is my order been cancelled?	Why my order is cancelled?
1	I can not change the language to Spanish	I am spanish
0	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	I cannot find my orders that were placed.
1	Hi. any progress for dispute?	What is Dispute in Progress?
0	How can I put the store on the black list?	How can I locate a specific store?
0	how to remove ideal payment detail	How to remove unnecessary orders?
0	What happen to you	What will happen to my order if the seller is closed?
0	reply me soon	Where is the reply from supplier?
0	adding a credit card	How to pay with credit card?
0	What number is the beginning of my purchase I made on the date of 21 05 2017	I made purchase but they closed my order.
1	ok, thank you. I ordered this sunday. Means I have at least one month to see what will happen. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day and best wishes from Turkey	Thank you for your advice
0	my order return to you?	You cancel my order and never return my funds
0	my order was 120 plus total	My seller will not cancel my order.
1	why my orders can not be verified?	Why payment is not verified?
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	I want discount product
0	exceeded number of items	when they sent the items for me
1	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	I cannot leave feedback.
1	cash on delivery is available	Is there a option for cash on delivery?
0	I wanted to reach out because I am on my second appeal in 1 week	I need it to be delivered in 1 to 2 day. I am willing to pay for it
0	Cancelled Orders is showing order list means	Why the order is not showing on my account?
0	My refund is not at the correct price. What should I do?	My purchases arrived incomplete, what should I do
1	Sorry but it's too much for you to make it human, you say a lot of repeat phase!	you dont get what i say to you
0	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	Why the order was closed for security reason?
0	what is a buyer protection?	Is Buyer Protection the same as Escrow?
0	what is the meaning of Cancelled Orders Finished	my orders got a finished" message but they have not arrived yet."
0	I can't log in,i forgot my password and I can't find the verification code in my email,I tried a few ties already	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	How to choose shipping method	How can I choose the size?
0	need to know how I will receive my full amount of my dispute, seller only want to give me $15,00	I need to change the refund amount on my order
0	My forms and documents are not going	trying to pay with my master card and it was not going
0	ok i know that but the process is very long	I wanna know about Western Union process to purchase
1	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	I do not have open dispute option in my order
0	I can pay when receiving goods	How can I pay my credit card for the goods?
1	seller don't answer me	The seller does not answer me about my order
0	Where to find a postal identifier	Where do i find my purchase history?
1	i need my money	I want my money back.
0	I am asking how to combine orders for payment if the order is still in my cart	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	after open dispute	When will I receive refund after I open dispute?
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons??	Why the order closed for security reasons?
0	i am trying to open a dispute but my attachment isn't loading	I am not able to open my Shopping Cart
0	I want to know If i can to speak with the seller before buy a product.	Can I buy 1 piece of product as a sample?
0	Need some live help please?	I need some advise here please.
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	Why my order is not showing?
0	no i want to sell	i Want To Speak to The manager
0	what the fuck you talking about	I wanna fuck you
0	I click the PAY NOW button and it says every time that there has been and erros so I cant pay my order	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
0	from where are your products coming?	The payment of the products were not confirmed
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	I have made orders, which have Free EMS shipping from one supplier (seller). But He sent my parcel in one box airmail.
0	Can I write in german, please?	I need email address please
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	How do I pay for goods?
0	for customs taxes	detained by the Customs
0	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	I have unsubscribed from your list, however, i keep receiving them.
1	The online service button is not activated	You can link to an online agent
0	how do I cancel account	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	I am asking to combine orders for payment	How do I combine orders in shipping?
0	I don't have my two orders. The tracking says delivery failed. I want refund.	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
1	The shipment of my product has been cancelled. Can't contact the seller	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	i cannot add a credit card to the account	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
0	Hi One of my purchases on the Tracking information has had the "Shipment Cancelled" what does this mean and will I still get my parcel	What does an order has been closed mean?
0	how do i see coupon	How do I see my shopping?
0	What are talking about?	What about PayPal?
1	where is the coupon page?	Where is my coupon?
0	how can i just place preorder?	Can I cancel preorder?
1	i want to get receipt	I need a copy of a receipt
0	NET PAYMENT CAN I MAKE	How can I make a payment with 2 cards?
0	unable to find the address	How do I find seller's email address?
1	how to upload evidence	How can I upload the file?
0	Hi, I am not able to open my account	I am not able to add to my wish list
0	are we corresponding	we have not reached an agreement
0	i am from india	Is there any tax if I want my product in India?
1	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	What happens on my dispute as I still do not have refund
1	Why is my order cancelled?	I paid for my order. Why did you cancelled it?
0	how do i upload a photo?	Where do I manage my photo?
0	how to set the shipping address	How can I change the wrong shipping address?
1	I have a problem since one day ago	i have problem in one of your product
0	how do I apply for a refund	How do I request partial refund
0	Con tact seller	Seller is not liable.
0	Hi, I need help	I need help in Russian
0	i am not able see dispute history	I am not able to create an account
0	What is select coupon	I want to use this coupon, what is the code?
0	I want to order many items but my account is under appeal	I cannot order many items at once
1	Ok thank you the last question are you Spanish women	do you speak spanish?
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	Can I get other paying options other than the credit card?
0	de fault address	street address in English?
0	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	How do i pay for everything in my cart at once?
1	I am asking to combine orders for payment	How do I combine payment for multiple orders?
0	Track your refund progress	May I know the progress of my order
0	I have not received my goods	I have received both goods and full refund?
0	Hello, I would like to know how to sponsor a friend.	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
0	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	This doesnt work.	Will debit visa work?
0	I cannot pay with my Mastercard.	I want to pay Mastercard
0	how to check coupons?	How to check the reliability of the supplier?
0	i am not receiving purchase protection order email	how am i going to send email to you
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	My supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	when will my order be placed	Order has been placed, but want to change my shipping address
0	canceled no shipment	What is partial shipment?
0	The status is finished but I have nothing.	I have a dispute and the company has done nothing to resolve the problem
0	What is coupon	My coupon is expired, what can I do?
1	how to exchange coins to coupon?	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
0	hello i am just wondering if i'm on the right site. i sign up for the affiliate program but i am a bit confuse, i do not see anywhere i can get a link to post to my website	I just broke up with my boy friend.
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	what do you mean u cant help	i cant call you
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	What is wait seller confirm account?
0	I am so angry	I am from Brazil so I pay REAL or only in Dollar?
1	what time is it in China?	What is the time there?
1	How can i print my Bill	how i print a invoice
1	I canceled the order but have not yet refunded my money	I cancelled an order but the money was not refunded to me
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	the seller is gone i cannot find him
1	Not yet shipped	Why is my order not here yet
0	How do I use Select Coupon?	Why can't I use my select coupon?
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	I would like to change my email.
0	I made the payment first.	I made the payment, but the order was frozen
0	why my order was cancelled?	Why my order have not been cancelled?
1	you are a computer?	are you a computer program?
0	Hey Seller I talked with my bank, about the cancelling order I made by an mistake, they told me that you guys have to write an email to them with the details about the order and the amount so that the can free the money earlier so I can make a new order fa	I made an order earlier and the order did not go through the seller suspended
0	and i can;t check the tracking	How can I check my dispute?
0	i have a problem with payments on my account	I have an account problem
1	so please you can help me	can you help me?
1	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
0	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	Why I failed to pay with my credit card?
0	Are you married?	You are nonsense.
1	How do I use a coupon or discount	How do I use the coupon I got?
0	talked to you yesterday about my account	I am curious about you.
0	have talked to you yesterday and was told this will be resolved within a day	I have not received payment within 10 days
0	i have paid for my product	I have pre-paid card and in the transaction is not working
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	Why the same order was credited twice?
0	hi,I have a question. how I can send my item to china?	I have returned my item
1	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	I have a concern with one my orders
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	I have filled a Dispute Form, how do I get my refund
0	why ship by air took so long?	Why the processing time is so long?
1	watch for me please	Could you please help me?
0	Duplicate payments to solve	Help to solve the problem
0	Why can't I order?	Why can not I click Cancel Order" after I paid for my order?"
0	what time is it?	What's your work time?
0	it is not letting me sign in?	When I click pay now, it is taking me to sign in page.
0	how to have my answer	How old is Jack Ma?
0	The seller refuses to refund or resend	The seller does not have product but refuses to cancel order.
0	I finished dispute	Can I open a finished dispute
0	Wanting place an order but the system don't put it in my basket	you dont answer my questions
1	No how to modify the mobile phone number?	How do I edit my phone number?
0	want to delete your profile?	I want to sell your products
0	How do i report the seller	I want to report a feedback given by seller
0	i need you to open dispute	I need to know how long the dispute will be?
0	I gave up buying a product but I want information that is not paid back	I want to ship it back
0	can you answer me	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
0	I don't want to lie about my reason, the item is damaged.	I want to know about my order
0	how to get a seller coupon	How do I get a coupon
0	Hello! Good night. I need your help for.. I can not issue a ticket to pay an account	I need your help. I ordered an item
0	I cannot upload a video	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	Would it be possible you answer my question
0	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	I want to search for a item
0	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	can you check it for me and tell me what's going on with my order
0	how to change card details	how to look the details of the product ordered
0	help with my account	I need help with my order
0	I have not received my order..?	I have not received a partial refund of my order
0	Impossible to create account	Can I create separate wish lists?
0	Why did it say that I had my ordered parcel already in my post office, but it says that it's undeliverable, what is that supposed to mean? Will I get my parcel?	Where my parcel?
0	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	What if I have not received the order and click on confirmation?
1	how to open dispute	How do I open an dispute?
0	How to change shipping address	How do I fill in my shipping address?
0	i ordered pokemon cards there fake	am i able to use debit cards?
1	are you an actual person?	are you a real person or a robot?
1	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	Why I cannot leave feedback for my order?
1	how do I apply for a refund	How do I request for refund?
0	How can I refund my money back?	How can I see the refund I get
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	when a seller does not answer my mail what do i have to do
0	Forgot login how to restore?	I forgot my password
1	Why nobody can help?	so nobody help me
0	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	Why my order is Awaiting Shipment?
0	It is the third time that I communicate by this means	Please call me.
0	i am unable to join	I am unable to respond to an email sent from my seller?
0	hi, i have some problems with an cancelled order	I have problems paying with visa debit card
0	Can you cancel?	Do you return coins when cancel preorder?
0	my account is not working	how to cancel my account
1	i want to contact the customer management team	Customer Management Team does not help
0	how to block messages	how can I see my messages that is submitted
0	please look on my question here before	Type your question here
0	Contact your reseller in his name Yvone Lee	What is your contact email address?
0	where can i find my barcode	Where can I find my dispute cases?
0	how to get warranty	How to get seller coupons?
0	i don't receive my order	I don't know.
0	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
0	how to pay using idea	Do i have to pay for using buyer protection service?
0	I want to remove an appeal	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
1	I cannot upload photo in dispute	I cannot open dispute without photo.
1	i will contact my bank i dont know what is 3D secure code	What is 3-D Secure Code?
0	how to I search for a specific store name?	How do I search product?
1	can you find my order number	How to find my order number?
0	you not understand me to help us	can you help me?
0	how we can shortage the delivery period and shipment process?	Why it says We currently cannot process business cards?
0	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	How do I track order when it shows Awaiting Shipment?
0	How to input into waiting Shipment using app	How to use coupon from mobile app?
0	how to use reward points	how to use coupon again
0	r u there???	hey how r u?
0	Should I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay my taxes and taxes?	What can I do as my country charge high taxes?
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	I wrote wrong recipient name
0	how to find good seller?	The product is not good and cannot contact the seller
0	I am saying you only take us dollars?	You speak english only?
0	how do i delete my orders under my account	I cannot find my order under my account
0	nooo I want to buy 100 and have no shipping seller is willing to adjust price but your system does not allowed	Can I have a reduction on the product I want to buy
0	And seller don't give my money back	When will I get my money back?
0	awaiting for payment	I already paid for my order, why does the order still say Awaiting Payment?
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	How can I get my password back?
1	The robot will not help me	you cant help me
0	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	How can i delete my Awaiting Payment orders?
0	No received email confirmed	do you have any e mail address
0	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	I cannot open a dispute. I need your help.
1	Can I be connected to a live operator, please.	Live chat please
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	a link should open up in my browser but it is broken and does nothing even though the little "hand" appears when hovering over	My browser blocks page
0	I have an account and I can not reconnect and I want to place an order and have an invoice	Do you have a phone number so i can place my order?
1	i have not recieved my money	Why I do not have my money so far?
0	You're already putting this on all the time	do you marry me?
0	how to stop receiving messages from seller	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
0	I want a job at a company	i want the number for your company
0	i do all -and cant	How do I pay all orders from Shopping Cart?
1	today i saw something that i want to buy. I is on sale. the sale is due to close now. I cannot buy because I cannot log onto the site. What can I do?	I cannot log in to your account. What can I do?
0	Can you look into my issue?	Why my order was cancelled for risk issue?
0	Hi, I am in Hong Kong. do you have staff or shop or office in HK?	I am no longer for business, can you have my account suspended?
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	i am unable to place my order	I am unable to locate my order
1	are you a real agent?	can you connect me to an agent
0	i need to find my payment information	I need more information about the supplier
1	Hello, I just made an order but I was wrong in the delivery address, how can I change it?	How can I change the wrong shipping address?
0	how to stop receiving messages from seller	How do I send messages to seller?
0	where to put my card number	why was my live chat put on time out
1	I want to place an order but I cannot	I cannot place an order.
0	I forgot my password and email, and login id	How do I get login ID?
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	i have placed an order
0	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	When will I get my order?
1	change the size	Can I change size of my ordered item?
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	I made an order and I wonder if I can change for another item
0	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	Can you send me a catalog by mail
1	I would be happy to talk to a person	I want to talk to person
0	how to scan qr code	How do I search by product code?
0	How do I delete orders?	How do I delete a comment?
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	the supplier has received the returned goods, when can I receive my refund
1	how to cancel escalated dispute	i want to cancel Escalated dispute except seller response
0	Need my order traced. Your website is very difficult to navigate. It just says "order finished"	I just placed an order
1	how to feedback	How do I give feedback?
1	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	How can I contact you via email?
0	and will they all be the same design	Is Buyer Protection the same as Escrow?
0	Where do you live Eva?	Eva you suck
1	can i talk to a live person?	Can I speak with a live person?
0	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	can i complete my transaction through my debit card
1	can help me	can you help me?
0	why my orders can not be verified?	can orders be delivered to my country?
0	I just sent an email to you to get my credit card verified	Why you charged my credit card twice?
1	would like to talk to a person	I want to talk to real person
0	HI, Anyone there can answer my question? thanks	you won't answer my question
0	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Where can I find the commercial invoice?
0	when a need to select the mind i have two time october	I paid one time but money goes like I paid two times
0	What is this?	What is the time there?
0	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	do you have email support
0	Wanting place an order but the system don't put it in my basket	I am unavailable to place my order
0	how to block notification	How to be affiliate
0	it does not show me the seller am looking for	The seller does not respond to me
1	How do i report the seller	How do I report a seller?
0	I just wrote my query	I just placed an order
0	add videos on dispute	Please add an invoice.
1	how to find an order number	How to find the order number?
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
1	My app coins are not added. What can I do?	How do I use the coins?
0	I only pay by credit card and not by transfer	made a purchase with you but my order was cancelled par failure to pay
0	how to add the reward points	How to add pictures to the dispute?
1	I opened an order and the product ran out	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
1	my email is	What if my email address is incorrect?
1	are you an actual person?	are you a live person or a computer
0	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	I like to order a product but I do not know how to contact the company
0	How do I delete feedback	How do I leave feedback?
1	I cannot make an account and I want to track a package	I want to know how to track my package
1	how to contact your seller	How can I contact seller?
0	it showed failed to log page	Page not available
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	I cannot use my Visa card. What should I do?
1	exchange coins to coupons	What can I do with the coins?
1	verify the email	Please help verify my account
0	l understand my problem is costing me a lot of writing and does not give me an explanation	how can you understand me
0	I have not received my order..?	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
1	how do i get coupons and discounts	When do I get my coupons?
0	Can you guys ship out the items with 1 day shipping?	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call?
1	how do i delete my orders under my account	How can i delete my Awaiting Payment orders?
0	could you help me and could you open dispute?	you could tell me about my process of dispute.
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	will you help me or what?
0	how to check refund	How to check the reliability of the supplier?
0	How old are you	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
1	It is possible?	Is it possible to choose a size?
1	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I am still waiting for my partial refund for this order
1	how can i use american express	I would like to know if you accept American Express
0	so can you try to place the with the number to see what color you get	what is you number
1	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
0	why not received a reward from lucky forest	I am having a problem with an item I received from you guys
0	my shipment is cancelled	Why my order is Awaiting Shipment?
0	Closed dispute in favor of the store	Why my order was closed during dispute?
0	I want to buy a product with free delivery	I want to buy a product but i cannot add to my cart
0	You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again.	How do I request shipment when processing time has expired?
0	can i order on company name?	How can I change my profile name?
1	How to add video to the dispute?	How to add video as my evidence?
0	i want to know why i cannot send message to the vendors	How do I send a message to seller?
0	via bank card	I have paid for my Order via credit card. but shows that I have not paid.
1	and received the refund amount and dispute closed	I have not received the refund after dispute closed.
0	change card details refund	How do I change my bank details?
0	how to set shipping method	Which shipping method is better?
0	where do I find account settings	Where do I find information on dispute?
1	can I speak to a human being?	can I talk with a human?
1	my shipment still not dispatched	There is no information for my shipment at this time.
1	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	how do i send you an email
0	I can not pay for my order and hope that my card has not been charged several times blindly	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	seller not response my refund status	i want to cancel Escalated dispute except seller response
0	But the product is requested	I want to find the product
0	Hey. My account is locked. I am an honest buyer, did not open disputes for no reason. I ask you to unlock the account.	can i change my buyer account to an seller account?
0	This chat REALLY SUCKS.	the chat closed
1	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	is there anybody in person
0	I would like to know about an object that I bought and that I can not access the tracking by the code	I would like to know about this order
0	Sorry but it's too much for you to make it human, you say a lot of repeat phase!	are you human
1	i am not satisfied with dispute result	I am dissatisfied with claim result.
0	returning a defective item	The goods are defective. I want my money back immediately.
0	i did not forget pass code	Why it did not pass payment on the credit card?
1	change card information	How do I change credit card?
0	why delivery period increased	How can I extend the period of receiving the shipment?
1	it is work, thanks	Thanks in advance!
0	why cant i pay?	Why can't I pay through Boleto?
0	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	My order was closed since the supplier account has been disabled
0	i have a problem with seller	I do not have the seller contact information
0	my demand in not including anything you or your system wrote	Why does the system not recognize my account?
0	May 8 send a phone to return to the address indicated and still do not know anything and nobody contacts me.	May I send mail to other buyers?
0	I can not evaluate the seller	How do I change evaluate?
0	Do we need to integrate a SDK for that?	do I need?
1	connect live chat again	can we chat live?
0	check out page	The coupon offered on this item is not showing at check out
0	ok I will explain briefly	it's difficult for my little english to explain what I mean
0	want to pay for item that was refunded	I would like to pay for all the item at once
0	how to response in my dispute case	Dispute Case NO
1	I cannot sign in?	I cannot sign in to my orders
0	I have pay with the bank	How can I pay with a bank account?
1	exceeded number of purchase	Why it says exceeded credit card limit?
0	Hello, I have tried several times to pay and every time I fill the card information and click pay the website tells me there has been and error. I have tried around five times now and it just says that there may be something wrong with the information but	if I place many orders. How many times do I have to pay for shipping?
0	I can't get help from you	Can you help me?
0	how I pay money for my product what I choose	How can I choose a courier?
0	is your site secure	Company has disappeared from your site.
1	My received was hold in the customs	hold by the customs department
1	items in one package	I want to buy many items in one order. What about the shipment?
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	If I cancel my order, can you tell me how long it will take for refund?
0	I have a question about the plugins to display products on my website	I have question for you
0	i need my money	I need cancel my order
0	How to pay using Boleto	How do I pay using PayPal?
0	nooo I want to buy 100 and have no shipping seller is willing to adjust price but your system does not allowed	I want a price on some products.
0	i have received it	I have not received anything
0	lost my phone number	I have entered wrong phone number in my shipping address
0	seller shipping address	I want to change shipping address
0	the chat button does not work	The item does not work properly
0	i received only one shows in my order	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	You are saying anything about my refund	Do I need do anything to make a refund?
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	I have a problem in amending my feedback.
1	i will contact my bank i dont know what is 3D secure code	What is Mastercard Secure Code?
0	how to delete my card	How do I delete my information
0	wear do i click	What do you wear today?
0	how do i go to customer care	how do I go about obtaining information on my order
1	how do I reset password	How can I reset my password?
0	hello i cain t order	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	What are talking about?	What about transfer fund to another account?
0	Please, the term of the purchase protection is over, can you return my money? Do I have to wait for the dispute? The error was in sending the site, the merchandise was not sent to Brazil. Thank you.	do you have a contact number i could call to talk about my dispute please?
0	ok i know that but the process is very long	Ok Eva thanks very much I understand
1	steps on how to contact seller?	seller contact number
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	How long the seller take to approve the cancellation of the order?
1	my What is price	What is the price for the goods?
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	I cancelled my ordered when can I expect a refund?
0	change card details refund	where can I get my refund details
0	Turkey is above 30 euros from property taxes to Drews can be a measure of how you will	Can you speed up the shipment of goods, not within 30 days?
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	I want to ask a question
0	because the platform is blocked is days	How many days will a refund come?
0	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	I have canceled my order. How long will cancellation take effect
0	What are the shipping method?	How can I change shipping method?
1	Sorry for my english. I speak french.	i dont speak english good
0	After 15 days, no dispute has been opened	Why has my order not been refunded after it was canceled
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
0	i mistakenly cancelled my order after made the payment. But i want my order to be done. What can i do?	The seller refuses to ship my order after I paid for it. What can I do?
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	How can I pay for frozen order?
0	i mistakenly cancelled my order after made the payment. But i want my order to be done. What can i do?	My order is cancelled for no payment, what can I do?
0	I have already send the proof to your colleagues	how to send proof of identity
1	how do I delete feedback?	How do I delete a feedback?
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
0	I bought a product that was sent by China Post Registered Air Mail and the 20 days does not receive update how do I contact the service?	how do i contact service team
1	i opened a dispute	i already opened a dispute
0	I placed an order the order was not shipped I paid for the order and shipping fee I was only refunded my order fee only and shipping fee was not refunded why?	How much I need pay for the shipping fee?
1	nice meet you too	nice to meet you
0	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	please can you tell me about shipment to Pakistan	you could tell me about my process of dispute.
0	where d0 i get my 20%	Where do I get PayPal?
1	yes i need help	I need help on something
0	after making the payment, the cart is empty, but the transaction did not complete	I am getting an error message when making my credit card payment.
1	how can I'm get my Refund	how can i get my refund
0	change order details	I cannot find my order details.
1	have sent an email with my passport and credit card photos	I sent all materials to verify my credit card. What will happen?
0	i havent received my goods	dispute escalated but i received the goods. how to close it
0	What is Easy Returns?	What is EMS?
1	I want the helpline line or customer care no	Why do not you have customer care number
1	I have a problem with the bad seller	I have a problem with a bad seller
1	I brought a wig and they said they done have the inches I put in for now need my money back put they done want send me my money	I want my money back.
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I don't know.
0	I am asking you question	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
0	how do i confirm the order?	If I ordered 4 items and received 2 of them, do I click confirm order?
0	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	do you have a contact number i could call to talk about my dispute please?
0	please clear the cookies in your browser?	Can you please tell me your email address
0	Why does it take so long for my payment to be processed	Why is my shipment taking so long?
1	When can I speak to real person????	Can i speak to a real person?
0	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	I cannot open dispute
0	for my phone	How do I edit my phone number?
0	i received only one shows in my order	Can I select multiple colors for one order?
1	alright. Moving goods within the EU does not have to pay taxes if the seller has already paid taxes.	How do I know if I have to pay import taxes or other taxes
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	how long will it take to get to my country if I order today
1	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	I have a problem with my order at customs. Can you sent me a copy of my invoice?
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	an i talk to a real person
0	how to set new shipping address	How do I change the shipping address?
0	when my pay cancelled	made a purchase with you but my order was cancelled par failure to pay
0	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	I placed an order through one of your sellers
1	you don't understand me	You do not understand me
1	My question is not there	you are not answering my question
0	i have some question. so tell me your email address	may i ask u some question?
0	Check the refund on my card.	I want refund to my credit card
0	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	What can I do if the seller refuse my refund request?
0	Do we need to integrate a SDK for that?	what do we need to do to correct the zip code on our order
1	how do I submit an appeal?	Why there is no My Appeal?
0	need to have a developer account via API	I need change the email of my account. What can I do?
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	What do I do if the seller wants to raise the price?
0	do you ship to iran?	Do you ship to a P.O box?
1	i opened a dispute	I opened a dispute and what to do next?
0	how i can sell one product in u site	I paid for my product. But when I enter the site I can not see it.
0	they sent me a note and ask me to appeal	Ask a real person to talk to me!
0	OMG can you get a supervisor please?	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	My order was stuck, so I opened a dispute. I won and got the refund, but now the item randomly arrived and I want to give the money back to the seller. What can I do?	I opened a dispute and so far nothing
1	how do i add shipping address?	How do I add another shipping address?
0	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	What is the progress of my credit card verification?
0	how to respond on dispute	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
1	can I change size	I want to change size in an order
0	nice to meet u	Nice talking with you.
1	I will ask something	I just ask a question
0	As I can't do appeal	I can't reach your support
1	is there a phone number i may call?	is there a phone no i can call
0	How to edit profile?	How do I check Feedback Profile of a seller?
0	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	How long the seller take to approve the cancellation of the order?
0	hello, i have 3 cancelled orders and i still have not receive my order	i have placed 3 orders
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	Can I register another account with the same email address?
0	How do I apply the Warranty Service?	how can I get service
0	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	Please let me know an email contact
0	hello, i click in product received	I received the email for my registration but I could not view verification link to click on it?
0	Hello, my credit card expiration has expired and I can not find anywhere where the new card data can be overwritten. Could you help me?	Can you help me find my coupon?
0	:) I write in English	should i write my address in english
0	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	I made mistake on seller ratings. What can I do?
1	change the size	Can I change the size?
0	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	I can not open a dispute since confirmed that I had received an order
0	I can't create and sign in account. won't let me after I enter the code	You won't answer me.
1	I been on this line over one hour speaking in person is better is better for me as you can see this is hard	am i speaking to an actual person?
0	How do I use my email address in new account	How do I change the email on my account?
0	i will visit China	I live in China. Is shipping free?
0	how many time take for delivery?	How many people you can talk at one time?
0	ok the get lost	the order is lost
1	how can I open a dispute?	How do I open dispute?
0	want to delete your profile?	i want your mail
0	the order is close	an order may close without me having confirmed receipt
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	The seller discount the price, when I place order i see the old price.
1	how many time take for delivery?	the estimate time for delivery
0	How to extend buyers protection?	Does my order automatically come with the Buyers Protection?
0	what does shipment cancelled mean	What does Confirmation Received mean?
1	how do I confirm goods?	How do I confirm my order has been received?
0	saying i didn't communicate	I received an email saying my order was canceled for lack of payment
0	I am a victim of a scam	I am very upset
1	i need my money	I have not received my money.
1	order long time?	How long is the shipping time?
1	how to find order	How do I find past order?
0	i have question about New black Mini USB Wifi Adapter Pocket Network Wireless Router 2nd Soft AP Portable	i have a question about my order
0	A product does not match and does not work	My TradeManager does not work
1	as a human	I need a human assistant
1	How do i extend buyer protection	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
1	i cannot send any message to the vendors	I can not send a message
1	I do not know why my card is not working.	Why you do not accept my credit card?
0	The seller is not responding me	find a diamond seller for me
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
0	Can I ever report abuse of card usage?	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
1	I have pay with the bank	I want to pay a purchase with bank invoice
0	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	Why my order have not been cancelled?
0	BUT THE ARTICLE IS ALREADY IN PORTUGAL	i already opened a dispute
0	this link is empty	Why my wish list is empty?
1	Where to get a refund?	Where can I get a refund for a defective product?
0	My forms and documents are not going	Why my card is not going through?
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	How can I pay for my entire order with one payment?
0	why cant i pay?	i cant speak english
0	I can not pay because "You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again."	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
0	My account has the problem	Why my account has been deducted twice?
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	Can I make change to my order after clicked place order?
0	luffy can I have the address or direction puffy gave me yesterday	Can I have an email address
1	how to add photo	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	i see that you don't help me.i can't wait more time	i will come to see you tomorrow
0	hi, the seller gave me a new tracking number. how must i use it?	How can I access and read feedback the seller gave to me?
0	How to find the item ship from USA	russia size from usa
1	what is my account user name?	forgot user name
1	i am very upset	I am very upset
1	Payment error in App	An error has occurred processing my payment.
0	the above question	Type your question here
1	What is coupon	What can I do for coupon issue?
0	I wanna buy something product but very difficult, how to pay money	How do I pay for my product in Brazilian money?
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please.	I have cancelled order due wrong behavior of supplier, please send money back
0	what do you mean u cant help	will you help me or what?
0	no shipment refund	Which is fastest shipment?
1	I have new email	I have enter wrong email.
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	Please cancel my order. I do not want it anymore.
0	how respond on escalated dispute?	dispute escalated but i received the goods. how to close it
0	I bought a product and I did not receive.	The product I bought is defective, what should I do?
0	my shipment cancelled	I have a problem with my shipment
0	How do I know whether my order has been shipped	My order has been canceled. How do I reorder this?
1	do you speak portuguese?	do you speak french?
0	Hi there, I'm trying to view a product I ordered but I don't have access	Hi! I'M Brazilian
0	So are you not able to help?	You are so clever.
1	Hi. I want to send mail to sales manager. I need the email address.	i want your mail
0	I cannot contact seller	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	the store I placed the order is closed
0	I spoke with you yesterday	Can I visit you
0	why feedback not display	Why I cannot change feedback?
0	Hello, my credit card expiration has expired and I can not find anywhere where the new card data can be overwritten. Could you help me?	Can you help me find the product on the site?
0	Check the refund on my card.	will you check my orders?
0	hi,I have a question. how I can send my item to china?	How can I search item by item number?
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	How do i edit my feedback left?
0	I am trying to pay for my order. Can I pay with iDeal?	can i pay my order in two payment
0	Is nobody online for helping	Not helping at all
0	Hello, I'm not a customer yet.	I paid and the request is not yet listed as paid.
0	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	No received email confirmed	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
0	the seller sent wrong color	order sent to a wrong address
0	sir i have rupay debit card but not accept	i have a visa debit card
0	and me too	I eat too much.
0	I brought a wig and they said they done have the inches I put in for now need my money back put they done want send me my money	i need to speak to someone right now regarding my money
0	What is reward points	What is Love"?"
0	yes i did multiple orders	I made payments but it did not appear in orders
0	i am not able see dispute history	I am not able to see my account
0	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	When can I open dispute?
0	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	I want to cancel all my orders.
0	how to use seller's coupon?	How do I use Select Coupon?
1	how can I report fraud seller	I want to report seller
0	that does not work	My TradeManager does not work
0	how to cancel your account	Your account name or password is incorrect
1	Need return address for two pair of tennis shoes or exchange for one size larger	How do I exchange the item for the right size?
0	how do i check my reward points	How do I check where my order is?
0	change the reason of dispute	changes the cancel reason
0	sir i have rupay debit card but not accept	i only have debit card malaysia
0	why cant i pay?	Why can't I pay with Western Union?
0	reward points not added	Why do not I have points for my orders?
0	how to open a dispute on app	How can I open dispute if order complete?
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	When will you send my goods?
0	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	A dispute was closed but not resolved. What can I do?
1	Why nobody can help?	can u help me?
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
0	I want e-mail	Do not want any e-mail notification to inform
0	I want to send an email	You have entered incorrect e-mail
0	what is order number	What if my order does not have a valid tracking number?
0	Wanting place an order but the system don't put it in my basket	I cannot place my order
0	what card I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me error	Sign in error. Error code: 83.
0	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I cannot confirm order received.
1	Change Shipping address	I can not change the shipping address
0	I pay seller and my order never arrive	If you know a date that my order will arrive?
0	i want to know why i cannot send message to the vendors	I want to know why my order is overcharged
0	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	I have put some items in the cart by mistake
1	how to receive refund through Boleto?	When will I receive refund if I pay by Boleto?
0	how do i place the order	Do I place a custom order?
0	i have contacted the seller several times and even this morning and they are not helping me out	I have placed same order four times
0	search for product	How do I search with product ID?
0	I paid this shoes I HAVEN'T NEVER RECEIVE	I paid via Western Union, how can I receive the refund
0	Question about selling	My order was completed on suspicion of selling
0	I have problem tracking one of my order it over 15days now	i have problem in one of your product
0	Can I write in german, please?	i need a live representative please
0	how to use coupons	How can I make payment with my coupons
0	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	i want to know now
1	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	I am trying to place an order and for some reason it does not let me
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	I don't want to speak with a robot.
1	Do you speak italian?	Do you speak english
0	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	what is an appeal	What is Love"?"
0	I want to appeal your judgment.	Why there is no My Appeal?
0	Why did it say that I had my ordered parcel already in my post office, but it says that it's undeliverable, what is that supposed to mean? Will I get my parcel?	I already paid for my order, why does the order still say Awaiting Payment?
1	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	Why my order cancelled for security?
0	How can I find sellers feedback in me, in the app (android)	How can I save sellers?
0	I have gone through what you have suggested and it has not helped. I need to have my account either deleted or my password for the email and user name reset. Please put your boss on.	I do not have your account number to send my payment through Western Union
0	Why the money is not returning	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
1	Is cash on delivery option is available?	Can you pay in cash on delivery?
0	sir i have to purchase a product from you sir	I have a coupon but cannot apply on my purchase.
0	how to file a complaint	How can I upload the file?
1	Hi John, I have a question.	i have a question
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	I want to extend buying protection
0	i don't paid because	I want refund because parcel is not arrived
0	hi, the seller gave me a new tracking number. how must i use it?	What if the seller gave me fake tracking number?
0	I want to close a dispute	What happens if I close a dispute?
1	you are a computer?	are you a computer
1	these links are not working I need a service team	i need a customer service
1	good evening I had a problem with my credit card and the money that was in authorization was returned, have you received my payment?	I have not received my money.
0	i am looking for a product	I am experiencing a problem with ordering a product.
1	it is not letting me sign in?	I cannot sign in
1	I need my refund	I need refund a product I ordered
1	how do I submit an appeal?	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
1	Don't remember account login name and password, how to operate can I find my account name and password?	Can you generate a new password for my account?
0	how to find reliable seller	Is there any way to find verified seller?
0	which country do you live?	how you do the live chat
1	are a live person	how do I chat with a live person
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to reorder some items.
0	I want for the seller to adjust the price with no shipping but I need the order in hold for them to fixed	Why I cannot order them together?
0	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	Why I have not received my refund after more than 20 working days?
0	your guys said that payment is on hold..	Where are your guys located?
1	i cant login my account	My login information does not work
0	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	I make payment by Bank Transfer. Why it still shows Awaiting Payment?
1	I can't make my payment via Mastercard, it keep showing me 'system error'. What should I do?	I tried to make payment by card but it did not let me
0	cancel awaiting for payment	I made a payment for the item but the system shows Awaiting Payment?
1	I did not receive the refund	I did not get the refund
1	i want to speak to a real person	I want to talk to real person
0	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	I paid with my credit card twice for the same product. What can I do?
1	The robot will not help me	you can not help me
1	I would like a tracking number, how do I get one?	Where can I get the tracking number?
1	i cannot upload	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	exceeded number of purchase	I cannot pay for purchase
0	no that is not what im asking	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
1	Dispute finished. Seller agreed to refund but refund not received.	Seller agreed to refund the money, how do I get them?
0	where is the "here?"	Where is the package?
1	would prefer to call	is there a phone no i can call
1	Are you able to help me	will you help me or what?
0	when i received the order it was twenty days wrong color	I want to select specific color for my order
0	I can't log in,i forgot my password and I can't find the verification code in my email,I tried a few ties already	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please help	How do I pay for multiple seller items at same time?
1	are you computer?	does this automatically computer answer
0	how to reply to dispute	Where is the reply?
0	seller have other behavior	How do I know if I have to pay import taxes or other taxes
0	I have urgency, Eva	why are you named eva?
0	a link should open up in my browser but it is broken and does nothing even though the little "hand" appears when hovering over	That's my order link
0	did you understand my problem? yes or no	I have a problem. Did you help me?
1	seller not response my refund status	Seller does not respond to my refund request
0	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	How do I edit my email address?
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	I tried to pay with credit card but it came up error of Invalid Digital Order.
0	i am looking for a product	i am in
0	How do I tell the clerk?	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	Registration email is not working	The dispute form is not working.
0	how to report your seller	How to report Brand Infringement?
0	i see that you don't help me.i can't wait more time	Can I buy more than one item at the same time?
0	My products from the above order did not arrive, how do I?	How do I cancel products in my Shopping Cart?
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	I want to search the product
0	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	When I click sign in, I do not have field to put my email and password.
1	change my credit card number	How do I change my credit card number?
1	how to file complaint	How do I file a complaint?
0	what is dispute	What happens if I close a dispute?
0	I have already open a dispute but they refuse it	I cannot open dispute
1	What is my order?	what stage is my order
0	Where do you live Eva?	are you a live person
0	AND THAT I GOT A LANTERN BUT THE SELLER DOES NOT MEET MY MESSAGE!	How do I send a message to seller?
1	cant speak to live chat	I want to speak with Live Chat
1	can i speak to a human please	can I talk with a human?
1	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	Why do I keep getting an error when trying to pay for my things?
0	no i want to sell	I want to ask a question
0	i am fine	I am sleepy.
0	The seller doesn't respond to me. What should I do?	what should i do next?
0	how to edit dispute?	How do I edit my account?
0	can i not give you my tracking number and you check?	Can you give me telephone number of customer service?
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	could you tell me what is going on with my order
0	I wanted to know more or less the day my products arrived?	i wanted to know the order status
0	the order just never gets processed	i order product i never received
0	hello, i have 3 cancelled orders and i still have not receive my order	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	i cant pay for my item	i cant speak english
0	hi, i have a problem	I have login problem
0	Hello I would like to know I have 3 coupons but I do not know how much is worth in franc thank you	How to get seller coupons?
1	I have not receive my money yet	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	setting up shipping address	The shipping address is not available
1	regarding my order	this is my order
0	and then the item would disappear from my cart	I would like to pay for all the item at once
0	no, i can not order anything	Do I need do anything to make a refund?
0	how to change your email address	Can I have your email address
0	and i can;t check the tracking	Where can I check my old orders?
0	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	I wonder if my products will be shipped together.
1	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	how can i return the product and get a bigger size
0	dear i want not buy. its for place a order and the seller can change the price	The supplier changes the price immediately after I place my order. What can I do?
0	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	Please ， help me Urgently
1	HELLO SIR MY QUESTION	Did you get my question?
0	My account iz broken	I want to replace the broken item.
0	Did not pay back	i did not receive delivery and no money back
1	how many items I add in my wish list	How many products can I add to Wish List?
0	may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	may i know support email
0	No, I need an answer from you.	I am buying from different suppliers but need them together
0	I need my refund	I need cancel my order
0	I tried to pay for my order and the system went down, Now it is giving me an error when I try to pay and it shows system down	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
0	how I pay money for my product what I choose	How can I choose the color?
0	so answer me"!"/!/"	The seller do not answer me
1	how to send image	how to send a picture
0	Nie to meet you too	you talk too fast
0	how to reach the payment service team?	Sign in error. Error code: 83. Please contact our Service Team.
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do change my address?
0	wrong email address	package is shipped to wrong address
0	Will be able to assist me?	I am not able to chat with sellers
1	can u help me with it instead	Are u able to help me
0	I marked order received by mistake	I made a duplicated order.
0	whar do you think l do and why do not spanish that are the ones that have to attend eh? l'm tryng	Do you think yourself smarter?
0	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	Why my order is still pending Awaiting Shipment?
0	it said it was unsuccessful in loading it	When I attempt to login the loading screen does not change
0	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	How do I return this item for refund?
0	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	I need size help
0	visa credit card. It was expired and now renewed	Will visa master credit card work
0	HI,I MAKE A ORDER AND I CAN'T TO PAY ,ALWAYS I HAVE THE SAME MASSAGE	I paid 2 times for the same order. What can I do?
1	hi where can i change my shipping address?	How can I change my shipping address?
0	i am trying to open a dispute but the picture attachment isn't loading	I am trying to request a refund from seller but states dispute is finished
1	how to get invoice	I want to get a invoice for my product.
0	unable to set the shipping address	I can not change the shipping address
0	I want to verify if my order was processed	I want to cancel my order.
1	a need a real person to talk to	Do you have a contact phone number so I can talk to a real person?
0	Hello good afternoon I would like to ask a question, I made my request and waited for confirmation of it, and the page told me that the tracking would be available in 5-10 days. The days have passed and I can not trace my request, what is happening?	What can I do if the seller refuse my refund request?
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	What if I have not received the order and click on confirmation?
0	I tried to pay for my order and the system went down, Now it is giving me an error when I try to pay and it shows system down	How do I change my address in the system now?
0	is there any extra charges for refund	How much is delivery charges?
0	will you deliver to usa	What is the country code for USA?
0	why seller extend the delivery period	What if the seller does not extend the delivery?
0	how to check if seller is reliable.	how to check dispute reason
0	HELLO SIR MY QUESTION	In my question cant get an answer.
1	i need online chat	How do I speak to someone online?
0	how to remove card	how to remove unnecessary unpaid order?
1	Are there other ways to pay	What are ways of payment?
1	how can I leave a feedback	How can I leave a feedback?
0	this not help	i thought this was online help?
0	But i have paid it	Oh i have a problem
1	I have problem product	i have problem with order
0	how do I checked order number	How do I fill up the Tel number?
0	How can I do?	I want to close my order. How can I do this?
0	have talked to you yesterday and was told this will be resolved within a day	I talked to the supplier but they keep ignoring me and not replying
0	I forgot my password and email	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	My tracking is not working.	i have problem with my tracking
1	my order was not updated in one month	I made a dispute one month ago but it is still in processing. What can I do?
0	Read all messages related to my order then solve my problem	My order was frozen after the order verification, related seller is under investigation.
0	How to upload picture	where to upload credit card statement
1	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	can not deliver to uk
1	Hello, my payment is not going through and I know my credit card works	I tried two different credit cards and neither is going through
0	hello, can I pay when delivered?	can orders be delivered to my country?
0	respond on dispute	The seller does not respond to me
1	What do you say i don't understand you	How can you don't know?
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	i didn't ask you that
0	Hello, I'm not a customer yet.	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
0	SPSR shipping method	another payment method
0	dealer name Yvone Lee	remove my name in the transaction
0	already received product	Boleto payment already done
0	can you see my question?	you are not answering my question
1	I need your help...	i need help with a transaction
0	The chat does not work	How does Moneybookers work?
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	I've placed a order
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	I would like to change my review on one seller. How can I do that?
0	get a supervisor please	Please help me to get my parcel
0	seller is not responding	Seller has not received the payment
0	how to add item on favorite list	How long can item stay in wish list?
0	I have contacted them, but they tell me to wait a while for them to arrive. But that's not the problem. It has arrived, but defective; And they just tell me to wait for me to arrive	who can tell me the status?
1	i need my money back on my card today	I want my money back in my account
1	did you understand my problem? yes or no	Yes can you help
0	l do not want more money l want my shipment and fast for that l pay an extra the time l need to understand?	I want my money
1	The seller is not refunding me	the seller ignored me
0	Where to find a postal identifier	Where do I find information on dispute?
0	Can you talked to me	Can you call me
0	because we travail from KSA to Egypt in this date please	If you know a date that my order will arrive?
0	talked to you yesterday about my account	Why you give so much time for the supplier about my case?
1	search for product	How do I search product?
0	for redemption says i'm out with the days	the package i ordered says it was delivered to another country
0	how to respond dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	i am unable to join	I am unable to locate my order
1	hello some can help me	Can you help me?
0	What is coupon	How can I use my discount coupon? What should I do?
0	I bought a product and I did not receive.	The product I bought it does not work
0	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	I want to place an order.
0	I want to confirm that I received the merchandise and I'm happy with it but i can't log in	I can not find the button Confirm Order Received"
1	Unable to sign for an account	I fail to sign in the account
0	upload evidence video	How long is the examination of the evidence of the dispute?
1	now i forget my password	I forget my account password
0	Hey. My account is locked. I am an honest buyer, did not open disputes for no reason. I ask you to unlock the account.	I cannot find the open disputes button
0	Closed dispute in favor of the store	the store I placed the order is closed
1	no paypal account?	Why paypal is not an option?
0	Ryley knows my problem	i have a problem with my order
0	here you have order number	why are you here
0	Duplicate payments to solve	How to solve my logistics problem?
1	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	I want to request refund
0	shipping in Iran	The product is free shipping but the seller requires shipping cost
1	ship to syria	Do you ship to Canada?
0	Hello. This is a second count.	Can you count?
1	How can I change feedback	How do I change a feedback on the seller and the goods?
1	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
0	Can you see if i had paid please? If so i need it tracked.	i need a live representative please
0	How to check my wishlist	How can I check my dispute?
1	how do i get an invoice	How do I download invoice?
0	can u trace for me right now	What is the status right now?
0	my payment was failed	Is my payment safe?
0	why my orders can not be verified?	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	I have tried three times and I am not getting any help	My order keeps getting cancelled and I am not getting my money back
0	I am waiting for payment verification?	I am waiting for a refund. How long it will take?
0	No because you do not want to help me	can you help me with
0	So how can I do that	HOW CAN I DO THAT?
0	I have contacted them, but they tell me to wait a while for them to arrive. But that's not the problem. It has arrived, but defective; And they just tell me to wait for me to arrive	can you tell me
0	how do i cancel order?	How do I cancel order in Awaiting Delivery?
0	the seller just said that need to wait some days.	i need some help
0	how to open a dispute?	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	how to upload videos	I cannot upload attachment.
1	I can not take your tablet. I need to bill the tablet.	How I can get a bill from the purchased product?
0	It was not bank transfer	How much is Bank Transfer commission?
0	hi, how can I add photos?	How many shipping addresses can I add?
1	I don't have a tracking number. I am trying to place an order	I am trying to place an order but it says error
0	how to get warranty	How to get the tracking number?
1	how to place the order but do not pay for it	How do I place order?
0	Please, I could not checkout	do you have a contact number i could call to talk about my dispute please?
1	It's not possible to contact customer service	are you customer service
0	how to stop seller messages	I send a lot of messages to seller but always no response!
0	My app coins were not added. What can I do	What can I do if my address is incorrect?
0	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	How long will it take for my order to be delivered?
0	how to stop receiving mails	How can I extend the period of receiving the shipment?
0	How to place the order without paying it?	Can I get goods without paying taxes?
0	my order will be return?	I have to return my order but I need the return address
1	how to delete orders	how to delete unpaid order
1	will you deliver to usa	can not deliver to uk
0	hello, i have a problem with my shipping address. why doesn't it agree that?	I have problem with my computer
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	Do you accept payment on delivery?
0	do you have a solution for that	I do not agree with the dispute solution.
1	a need a real person to talk to	i want to talk to a real person
0	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	my order has been frozen?
1	do u have a phone number	do you have a phone number i can ring
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	How do I know this website is legitimate?
0	Why can't I order?	Why I had an order canceled?
1	I can't leave a feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback?
0	How to chance shipping courier	How much does shipping cost?
0	how to paid order?	I paid but not received order
0	i want to cancel my credit card	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	i have paid for my product	I paid for a product and it does not appear on my orders
1	i want to be connected with a real person	I want to talk to real person
0	i have a problem with payments on my account	I have a problem with my account
0	How to place the order without paying it?	How can I place an order in specified size?
1	My issue here is my order not receive and your customer service not reachable. Please help.	please tell me your Customer Service email address
0	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	you dont get what i say to you
0	get a supervisor please	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	It never get frozen it goes to pay and it is paid instantly	I get no option to pay by Western Union
0	exchange coins to coupons	Apply for compensation (COINS)
1	I had a dispute	I had an argument for this order. when I refund?
0	can i order on company name?	Can I choose shipping company?
1	how to report a seller?	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
0	SPSR shipping method	the shipping method has changed due to the change of your shipping address
1	good evening I had a problem with my credit card and the money that was in authorization was returned, have you received my payment?	When my money will be returned?
1	can i speak to a real person?	Can i speak to a real person?
0	What do you say i don't understand you	do you understand Chinese
1	how to get an invoice	How do I get my invoice?
1	these links are not working I need a service team	How do I contact service team?
1	how to edit shipping address	I want to edit my shipping address!
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	I need a real person
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	I paid all my orders but sellers told me that I did not paid.
1	are you human? I need help	i need a human
0	Please investigate my problem	What is the problem in my order
0	I would like it as soon as possible	i would like to remove an order
0	May I speak with a Human please?	You speak please
0	can I speak to a human being?	How can I contact you for my transactions being canceled?
0	Waiting for my appeal to be verified.	Have my payment been verified?
0	I can't make my payment via Mastercard, it keep showing me 'system error'. What should I do?	I want to make the payment by western union what should I do?
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	my supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	i want to pay the amount with gift card	i want to pay with my bank card
0	I want to pay,	I want to pay by Western Union
0	I need to do an urgent quick shop	How do I shop many items in one payment?
0	Its the 5 time I contact my order is not coming	I cannot change my contact name
1	When can I speak to real person????	Can I speak with a live person?
1	How to reset account password	I forget my account password
0	Hi, i need support please	Hi! I'M Brazilian
0	the payment write For security reasons this process can not be continued.	How can I reset my security question?
0	I made a purchase, send it to the wrong address, and it looks like it will return, how do I get my product	I want to return my purchase
0	I want to pay,	I want to pay with debit.
1	What happen if I close a dispute	What happens if I close a dispute?
1	HI I have been trying to pay for my stuff for weeks but it won't accept my card	I am trying to pay with a visa card and it is not allowing me to pay
0	return shipping address of the seller	My shipping address is not in English
0	I filled out the form for appeal but I can not send it	I have filled a Dispute Form, how do I get my refund
0	reset account password	I want to reset my password have not got the email
0	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	My order status is in dispute escalated. What can I do?
0	i have to have a refund	I have not received the refund after dispute closed.
0	they sent me a note and ask me to appeal	the seller sent me wrong size
0	i did all of it	I did not receive.
0	wear do i click	I click Buy Now but cannot process the order
1	Cancelled Orders what is meaning	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
0	do you need order numbers?	How do I get photos without the store numbers on them?
0	I have an issue	Can you issue invoice for order which I just received?
0	I can't open track order	How can I track my order?
1	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	I did not get some confirmation email in my email address
0	i have contacted the seller several times and even this morning and they are not helping me out	this is not helping
0	can u trace for me right now	Are u able to help me
0	could you help me and could you open dispute?	could you answer me in English please?
0	how to input the order in to awaiting payment using app	How can i delete my Awaiting Payment orders?
0	How can I access my mobile orders on my PC?	How can I pay all my orders?
0	and until now I have had no answers	I want to be unsubscribed from all e-mails
1	how to get coupon?	How do I get a coupon
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	my supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	Hello, I'd like to join your affiliate program and I'd like to use my YouTube channel. Can I use my YouTube channel link for the website	I'd like to have your support
0	Still not there either	My order is still awaiting payment
0	Yes product same seller same item	I paid twice for the same item. what can I do?
0	We tried to sign in for an account and the code part does not work	i tried to reset password but did not work
0	i order some item last week	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
1	I can't create and sign in account. won't let me after I enter the code	I am trying to get access to my account but it will not let me.
1	regarding my order	my Order NO
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	Have you a person or a machine?
0	I can't write English	I cannot write street address in English?
0	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	I track my order but it shows Null
0	i want to know is that any store with that name	I want to contact a shop with the store number
1	you are a computer?	are you a computer or do you get my Question?
1	I placed an order and canceled but I was deducted. can you confirm if my money will be reversed to my account?	My order was canceled but deducted from bank
0	i want to find suppliers by country	I want to ship my product to China but I cannot find it in the country list
0	the same thing happen to me with the chinese sellers on EBAY	is there a chinese holiday in October?
0	but how much time	Why it takes so much time to solve dispute?
0	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
0	how to save payment method	Is PayPal accepted as a payment method?
0	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	I need small help from you
0	I have a problem since one day ago	Oh i have a problem
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	Can you stop sending messages to me?
1	can i talk to a live person?	Can I communicate with a live person
0	it showed failed to log page	page in maintenance
0	Hello! Good night. I need your help for.. I can not issue a ticket to pay an account	I pay the ticket twice. What can I do?
0	How can I get a refund	How do I get refund via TT?
0	but when i am not in my account, i mean when i view as guest, i can view the info page	i cannot view the size chart
0	I need to access my mobile orders on my PC	I am having trouble authorization to access my account
1	how to contact seller	How do I contact seller?
1	I only paid the same order twice	I paid twice. What can I do?
1	reward points not added	Why my rewarded points are not added?
1	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	How do I exchange the item for the right size?
1	can i speak to a real person?	can i get a real person to answer question?
0	Hello! I have a question about a delivery.	I have a question about my coupons
0	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	the seller change Carrier without telling me and now he want me to pay extra charges
1	Why is the shipment cancelled	Why my order is cancelled?
0	The promotion began, but why the price of product did not change	Supplier did not honor price on site
1	i need to speak with maria	I need to speak to customer service
0	how to check buyer protection	How much should I pay for the buyer protection commission?
0	The time of my order arrives is over, will I have the refund?	will i receive my order on time?
1	I cannot pay with my Mastercard.	I cannot pay my order with my card.
1	So i contact the seller i want my money back	I want my money back in my account
0	We are receiving an error saying that the "Bank has declined our payment"	error occurred when we processed the refund
0	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	How do I report other infringements of the rules?
0	my query is regarding my order status	Why my order is in Null status?
0	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	I am trying to add items to my Shopping Cart and it is not going in
0	A couple of weeks ago I searched for NASA shirts in the store, back then it had many results. But now it has no results. How can I find those products again?	I got too much searching results
0	my account does not allow me to place orders until I validate my account VIA appeal form	it says that my account does not exist
1	how to respond to escalated dispute	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
1	please can u give mave ur number to call	can I call u?
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	What happens if a item is sold out
0	when i log in on computer, my wishlist is not updated. It's not same as on my apps	I cannot find my order when I log in
0	but i use ATM	Can I use drop shipping?
0	This is the link of the store	You can link to an online agent
0	how reward points will be added	What is Available Points?
0	What happens to my order when my shipment status says "shipment canceled"?	My status order is Null. What happens?
0	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	How do I start payment?
0	I have a question about the plugins to display products on my website	i have a question about my order
1	What does "Waiting Receipt" means? Isn't payment OK?	what does awaiting receipt mean
1	I just sent an email to you to get my credit card verified	I has sent you a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What will happen?
1	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	My order was cancelled for security reason.
0	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	Why order status has not changed after payment by Boleto?
1	Thanks for your feedback	Thanks for your feedback
0	i have a problem with payments on my account	i have problem with my shipping problem
0	how to use bank transfer?	How much is Bank Transfer commission?
0	to ask someone for my order	Someone use my email address
0	i did not forgot my password. i just want to change it frequently.	I forgot my password
0	all orders are from different sellers	Why my orders from different sellers have the same tracking numbers?
1	this is robot?	I know that you are a robot.
0	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	Why do I keep getting an error when trying to pay for my things?
0	how to make an appeal	How to make payment with Doku?
0	how to become seller	How do I become eligible for buyer protection?
0	The item I ordered is faulty it broke a piece of my car on first use	I have ordered an item
0	I cant open dispute because order has delivered	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
0	I can`t see my order	Can I see the feedback of my order?
0	change card details refund	I need to change the refund amount on my order
1	how to change currency in pkr.	How do I select currency?
0	my demand in not including anything you or your system wrote	The system did not accept my address
0	my email is	My email has been hacked
0	Why am I expected to pay return shipping costs if it has been determined that the seller sent me the wrong items?	I wanna return the items to the seller
1	How to find the order number?	How to find my order number?
1	how to receive refund through Boleto?	I want refund via Boleto
0	how do i check my reward points	How do I check my shipping?
1	how to get the order number?	How can I find my order number?
1	I can't make my payment via Mastercard, it keep showing me 'system error'. What should I do?	I cannot make the payment via credit card
0	where is the coupon page?	Where is that at?
0	Track your refund progress	why I cannot keep track of your order by tracking number?
0	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	I know that you are a robot.
0	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	watch for me please	Please ， help me Urgently
0	how do i delete my account	How do I sign in my account?
0	I don't need automatic answers.	i could not find out with your faq answers
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	If i order now with UPS how many days come the item in my country
1	could you help?	i have a problem with my order. could you help me?
0	save card details	It will not save things to my wish list
0	The seller refuses to refund or resend	The seller refuses cancellation.
0	Sorry but it's too much for you to make it human, you say a lot of repeat phase!	you talk too fast
1	i want to ask my order	I want to know my order
0	is this a fucking computer?	The computer will not allow me to type messages
0	were in my elemnt i purchase	I need an invoice for my purchase
0	this isn't helping	don't speak english
0	can you dance for me?	Can you follow me?
0	i email the seller already	I already made payment but not yet received email confirmation
0	but I would like to know if it's possible for me to get samples or pay for samples of some of the products before I buy large quantities	I would like to pay in Euro
0	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	My transaction completed but I want to open dispute
0	I still have not made the refund?	please let me know
0	can you find my order number	Can you help me find my coupon?
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	The seller does not answer. What to do?
0	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	I have tried to pay for this order with a business card and keep getting declined
0	What happen to you	What will happen if processing time ends?
0	waiting for reply	Waiting on answer for a refund
0	so can you try to place the with the number to see what color you get	What color do you like best?
1	how to find order number?	How can I find my order number?
0	how to add additional feedback	how to add friends by TM
0	when my cancelled	When will I get my refund for the cancelled order
0	how to complaint	How does my complaint go on?
1	How to submit video	How to add video as my evidence?
0	Nice to know you.	Nice talking with you.
0	I haven't received some ring sizers i ordered.	I ordered Nike shoes and accept it
0	How do i add evidence	How do I add to the shopping cart?
1	how to change coins to coupon	How do I use the coins?
0	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	I need refund a product I ordered
0	what does shipment cancelled mean	What does collection mean?
0	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	How do I receive a refund by Webmoney?
0	where do I find account settings	I did not find where to send the proof of payment.
0	Can I access my mobile orders on my PC so I can print out my orders?	Can i get my orders to my country?
0	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	I just want to say Hi.
0	It has been almost half a year!	Why scammer has not been removed
0	you hopeless piece of shit	What does 1 piece mean?
0	The product came but I can not transfer the money to the seller	Can I transfer the refund to my new order?
0	when my pay cancelled	When to pay
1	I'd like to cancel my order.	Can I cancel the order if I do not like it?
0	There is a mistake translating a word "order" in English to Turkish...	I accept the seller solution by mistake
0	I want clear out one of my account, name is "je"	How do I sign out after use my account?
0	feedback is not showing	It is showing service temporary not available
1	I bought a product and I did not receive.	I did not receive my order
0	possible to talk to customer service	the change feedback is not possible
0	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	website shows that my order already been delivered, but i did not received
1	Hello, I have tried several times to pay and every time I fill the card information and click pay the website tells me there has been and error. I have tried around five times now and it just says that there may be something wrong with the information but	I tried using my card to pay but it keeps getting declined.
0	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	I want to ask for a refund
1	Nie to meet you too	nice to meet you
0	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	Can I open a finished dispute
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	Why you do not accept my credit card?
0	how do i place the order	How can I place an order in specified size?
0	I want to group suppliers by country	I have items from different suppliers but i want to make one payment
1	yes i need help	i need help here
1	it said: tracking details will be available in 10 days	How would I know if tracking number is available?
0	The shipment did not arrive	Does my payment arrive?
0	why coins not added	Will coins return when cancel preorder?
1	Can I ask for help? My credit card expired, how can I enter a new card into my account and pay for it? I would like to order new goods and it is not possible. Thank you very much	I saved my credit card but I need to replace it with a new one
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	Why the seller does not ship the order?
0	how to open a dispute	There is no open dispute button
1	i need to speak with maria	I need to speak through LiveChat
0	how to block messages	How can i get messages
1	how to get invoice	How do I get an invoice to pay?
0	They still haven't arrived	are you still there?
0	I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please help	Can I get a part refund as seller has reduced the price to me
1	hi i need to cancel my order please and need my money refunded as soon as possible	I need cancel my order
1	i cannot upload	I cannot upload attachment.
0	but when i am not in my account, i mean when i view as guest, i can view the info page	Where can I view the complaint center?
0	recover app coins	How to use coupon from mobile app?
0	I forgot the login account id and password, what should I do?	I cannot login using my ID
0	Payment failed Reason: The service is currently unavailable. Suggestion: You may choose another card or payment method to continue your payment.	Sorry, your payment was not successful. No money has been deducted. Reason: Your payment has exceeded the credit limit on this credit card.
0	I had received the order, I dont need refund.	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	No because you do not want to help me	Could you help me please
0	you want to know how to add passport details	I want to know how to set keyword
0	How to response the proposal in my dispute case	I open dispute but get no response. What happens?
0	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	how are you doing
0	did you even give a answer	I made a purchase and did not answer me.
1	would prefer to call	Please call me.
0	You're a robot?	I do not want to connect to a Robot
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	Why is the money I was refunded less than the money you took from me?
1	Why nobody can help?	can you help me?
0	what does shipment cancelled mean	What does FOB mean?
0	Yes I brought a wig and what i wanted they done have	I brought a product but it was confiscated by the customs authorities because it is a fake
1	upload evidence video	How to add video?
0	how to scan qr code	How do I get a 3D security code?
0	adding a credit card	Will visa master credit card work
0	Money has not been paid	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	Is there any other way I can place the order and pay for it using my Credit Card?
1	This is the order number.	thats the number of the order
0	you not understand me to help us	you cant help me
0	I finished dispute	I want refund for one finished order
1	how contact the seller	I want to contact seller.
0	I cannot sign into my accounts. I have two accounts with you and both are blocked	I have received both parcel and refund.
0	i don't paid because	don't speak english
0	Several times I make this same complaint, I already went to the bank and there is no refund, the last time I was offered to check, but I have not had an answer	I filed a complaint. When would you answer?
0	Hi Eva! need to delete my old credit card and register a new credit card	If I use my credit card, is it secure?
0	I cannot response to claim	when will i receive a response to my claim
1	Please, I could not checkout	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	I try now	i will try to explain to you my question
1	I want to check if they were really ordered, if do i need to cancel one of them	I ordered in mistake. Can I cancel it?
0	This is the order number.	How to find the order number?
0	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	I need to change the refund amount on my order
0	reply me soon	Im confused with your reply
0	I'm from Pakistan and want to re sell your products	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	My issue here is my order not receive and your customer service not reachable. Please help.	Please help me to get my parcel
0	i am not received my order	I am trying to order and it is not working
1	how to get coupon?	I have purchase items. How do I get discount coupon?
1	my account no work	My coupon did not work
1	i need call with you	I need a number to call to talk to someone
0	the payment write For security reasons this process can not be continued.	Can not write in message box
0	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	Sorry, your payment was not successful! No money has been deducted.
0	Hello, i made an order on 20th of April	The order was made, I have not received the parcel. Why?
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	Daily task badge does not light up
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	Can I change my Shipping Address after placing an order?
0	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	the buyer is refusing to replace damage order	Who will pay for my buyer protection service as a buyer?
0	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	whar do you think l do and why do not spanish that are the ones that have to attend eh? l'm tryng	How do you think about me?
1	I did not get the goods as described. Of course, I want to upload photos, of course, but it is not possible. I tried a video, but I can not upload it too	i cannot upload a photo
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	I just ordered something but I want to change the name for the receiver
1	I can't seem to edit the name that is associated with my account. Im not sure how it defaulted to a different name other than mine but i cant seem to find how to change it	How do I edit a contact name?
0	extend delivery time	Should I extend the order?
0	I have received products I didn't order. I did order from another company which do not seem to be connected to you	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
1	how to check order number	How to find the order number?
0	Hi i have not received my order	hi i need to tell u something about my order
1	my cart is empty	Why my cart says nothing is available?
1	why is my order been cancelled?	Why has my order been closed?
0	How to pay using Boleto	Can I pay using PayPal
0	Hello. I am trying to use a discount code and it is not allowing me to input the code	I am trying to get access to my account but it will not let me.
0	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	My order was frozen since the supplier is suspended. What can I do?
0	my order return to you?	When do you return funds?
1	How to i open a dispute	I do not know how to open dispute
1	how can help me	can someone else help me?
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	Do I have to pay any fees beyond the order amount?
0	the buyer is refusing to replace damage order	How much is the buyer membership?
1	We are unable to create an account	can not create an account
0	this is stupid	I am so stupid.
0	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	Hello good afternoon I would like to ask a question, I made my request and waited for confirmation of it, and the page told me that the tracking would be available in 5-10 days. The days have passed and I can not trace my request, what is happening?	I have not received payment within 10 days
1	pay as one	I want to pay the orders all together in one transaction
0	How old are you	how to remove old orders on my page?
0	contacting the seller	Seller has not received the payment
0	no i can't follow my order	i wanted t discuss my order
0	i dont want to cancel	I want to cancel it and reorder.
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	Where I can see my coupons?
0	how to change to password?	How can I change it?
1	exchange coins to coupons	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
1	connect me to a customer service agent	Please connect me to customer service
0	I want to collect the order in the cart.	I want to place an order.
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore?	I don't have more questions
0	seller not response my refund status	I cannot response to my claim
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	I would like live chat
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	I have a problem to change my address
0	check out page	Page not available
1	after open dispute	What will happen after I open dispute?
0	my order no. is	My seller will not cancel my order.
0	how to send image	How do I send a picture to seller?
0	How can i print my Bill	Can I get my bank slip again as I did not print it?
1	a need a real person to talk to	I need a real person
1	Can you people help me	can you help me?
1	i wanna know about ma order	I want to know about my order
1	I have my credit card with you for instant pay,	How can I pay my credit card for the goods?
0	Subject: random product link/button Hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a ran	I would like to know about the Confirm Order Received button
1	how to use select coupon?	What is Select Coupon?
0	How to I pass a appeal	I cannot pay the goods, payment does not pass
0	how do I submit an appeal?	I cannot submit evidence to my case
0	did not receive my order and the seller is not responding back	One of my order was canceled by seller. how can i receive my money back?
0	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	i placed order and paid.
1	Need a refund	I need refund a product I ordered
1	how do i contact your seller	How can I contact the seller to send information?
0	reward points not added	I do not have my points
0	I spoke with you yesterday	I wanna fuck you
1	I want a real person &amp; NOT a robot.	I need a real person
1	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	Will I get a refund if I cancel order
0	turn off promotions	fuck off then
0	cannot leave feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	i just want my fucking password	I want to reset my password have not got the email
1	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	How much customs or import duty do I have to pay?
0	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	I need to cancel order but the seller refuse to cancel.
1	i will visit China	Can I visit you
1	Cancelled Orders Finished means	I have paid for my orders but the sellers have cancelled my order
0	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	What a fuck day!
0	i need you to open dispute	I need open dispute but do not have the option
0	I have been waiting for disputes to end. At the same time the seller says I have not paid the money.	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
1	I tried to pay for my order and the system went down, Now it is giving me an error when I try to pay and it shows system down	The system will not let me pay
0	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	i am talking about order number
1	Hi, i need support please	i need a live representative please
1	how do i change my profile?	How can I change my profile name?
1	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	Why I was charged twice?
1	this my order number	Did you check on my issues with order number
0	I asked a couple of questions?	I have not received the order. The seller does not answer questions.
0	save credit card	where to upload credit card statement
0	how to confirm a order	I cannot confirm order received.
0	hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a random page?	I have a question can you help?
0	Can can send my email	Can I send my goods to China?
0	Are you an idiot? I need to remove or delete an appeal.	Can you remove the list today
1	pay as one	Can I pay for all orders in one payment?
0	how can I cancel the order	How can I order a product?
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	How can you don't know?
0	Hello, can you attend me in portuguese?	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	i ordered pokemon cards there fake	Which cards can I buy items?
1	I need a real person to chat	can i chat with a real person
0	i dont get my order yet	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
0	how i can verified my account	How can I find my order in my account?
1	I guess you're a robot	are you a real person or a robot?
1	how to delete account	how can I close this account
0	i want to ask my order	I want to ask a question
0	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	My account has been hacked
0	But you are saying anything about my refund	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	how can help me	you can not help me
0	Where can I find feedback left about me?	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
1	Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Why the order closed for security reasons?
0	I pay seller and my order never arrive	i never confirm my order as received but my transaction is completed
0	Is that Phone free?	register the account is free or not
0	My app coins were not added. What can I do	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	I can not make an order	I cannot make an order
0	post sell claim	What is the China Post contact number?
0	i want to buy	I am Brazilian and can I to buy what I want?
0	leave a feedback	I cannot leave feedback on an transaction.
0	how to set shipping method	the shipping method has changed due to the change of your shipping address
0	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	I have not got any confirmation after I paid for my order
0	I can not pay with my card	Where is Jack Ma?
0	The seller advertise wrong price	Can I get a part refund as seller has reduced the price to me
0	the part where you have to write the code seems defective	where I write a complaint?
0	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	I have tried to pay for this order with a business card and keep getting declined
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	What can I do if it shows waiting approval for cancellation?
0	i have to have a refund	I have a question on refund.
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	A seller has sent me an order
0	I made the payment first.	I made payment but it looks like not pay
0	please do accept tbc	do you accept debit cards
1	how to revise feedback	I want to revise feedback.
0	I paid my order several times, because?	i paid and my order is frozen
0	how to advance search	How do I search for it?
0	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	I submit cancellation of order request, but my seller has denied it.
1	you are a computer?	are you a human or computer
0	how to open a dispute'	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	no link here	You can link to an online agent
0	how do i change my profile?	How can i delete my profile?
1	I want to speak with the worker	i Want To Speak to The manager
1	how to cancel unpaid order	How can I cancel a paid order?
0	i have a problem with the seller	I have login problem
0	I have informed you 3 times	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
0	I received a refund but not total why?	I have not received my refund
0	Can i introduce a friend?	Can I order by telephone?
0	Hello, eva, is my payment still being processed?	How do I know that the refund is being processed?
0	hello i am just wondering if i'm on the right site. i sign up for the affiliate program but i am a bit confuse, i do not see anywhere i can get a link to post to my website	I am not authorized to see account, what can I do?
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	How do I send a message to seller?
1	When can I speak to real person????	can I speak with a real person?
0	its telling your account is suspended	Suppliers was suspended while I paid
0	i have activated my secure card 3d	i used my debit card and i have funds available
0	Hi, I need to know how to send the producto to argentina via UPS	I need to know how long the dispute will be?
0	why coins not added	What can I do with the coins?
0	fast shipping method	How can I change shipping method?
0	I need help to register my account.	I need help with my Visa
0	Escalate Judgement from AE	final liked result of Show with AE is not same
0	how to place order	i just place an order
0	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	Is there any other way I can place the order and pay for it using my Credit Card?
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	i want to speak to a live person
0	has nothing to do w my order	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
0	fabric on children's clothes	What's Eva mean?
0	I want to buy the cards in my shopping cart. How can I get you to print my instructions on them please?	How can I pay all my goods on shopping cart in one payment
0	i want to buy	I want to buy a product but i cannot add to my cart
1	how do I remove my credit card details	I want to remove my card details
1	EVA I WANT TO TALK TO HUMAN	i want to get human
0	I want for the seller to adjust the price with no shipping but I need the order in hold for them to fixed	I need a price quote
0	What if I don't like the way the dress fits or it is the wrong size? Can I return it for a refund?	There is wrong street name. What can I do?
0	i have to send back the item back to china	I have cancelled order due wrong behavior of supplier, please send money back
1	What is my order?	what with my order
1	how to check coupon?	How do I check my coupon?
0	annot find a way to submit my proof of credit card info and my identification, every link is a blank page, I am overwhelmed with the feed back process that every store requires? I would be more than happy to submit my information so order verification team	I would like to change my account info
0	You refused my dispute on a product, while I sent the requested photos to the seller. How to challenge this decision?	How do I get photos without store number?
0	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	What number is the beginning of my purchase I made on the date of 21 05 2017	What if I do not have an expiry date on my debit card?
1	how do i change my profile?	How can I change my profile?
0	and until now I have had no answers	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
0	After the dispute was opened the seller reassured me that it will arrive	I have opened dispute but there is no help
1	Why can't I order?	Why I cannot order now???
0	can you check my dispute?	How can you check sizes before ordering?
0	and have not received the item yet	I have not yet received the item but the confirmation time out.
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	Why I do not have my money so far?
1	Iam seeing no where to contact customer service	how do i contact customer service
0	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	How can I pay for my entire order with one payment?
0	should i take the package by myself?	If I returned the package to my provider, should I extend the processing time?
0	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	Why order status has not been changed after payment by QIWI?
0	I bought the wrong product when the money is due	When order i gave you a wrong address
0	how i become a seller	How do I report a seller?
1	im trying to use a coupon	If I want to use a coupon
0	HELLO SIR MY QUESTION	you are not answering my question
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	I have not received my order. What can i do?
0	I have questions about details of a product	I have posted a number of questions to suppliers, no answer yet
0	you have other mode to pay. no card	I want to pay with visa card but i have a problem
0	Hi One of my purchases on the Tracking information has had the "Shipment Cancelled" what does this mean and will I still get my parcel	According tracking information, my order delivered in USA but I am in Philippines.
1	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	Could i have contact no.
0	how to block messages	How do I send messages to seller?
0	How to response the proposal in my dispute case	What is the solution of my case?
0	where d0 i get my 20%	Where can I get the tracking number?
0	I have my credit card with you for instant pay,	I do not have a credit card, how can I pay?
1	My account has the problem	I have an account problem
0	how do I change shipping address	How do I fill in my shipping address?
1	can I speak to a human being?	can i speak with operator?
0	What does it mean: Your order will be closed in?	What does FOB mean?
0	my account does not allow me to place orders until I validate my account VIA appeal form	Sorry, your account does not allow you to purchase international products online
0	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	I wish more information about sending my order
1	There is a problem with the system	the system is busy
1	impossible to join contact customer support	live customer support
0	i received an item today that I have been issued a refund. how can I pay now?	My item was shipped back. How do I get it now?
1	I want to cancel the order	I want to cancel the order. There is mistake.
0	question and answer	The seller do not answer me
1	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	I tried using my card to pay but it keeps getting declined.
0	How can I change feedback	How can I leave a feedback?
0	how to pay china daily order	How can I pay for my order?
0	I don't need automatic answers.	I don't know
1	how can i change my credit card details	I need to change my credit card details.
0	change the reason of dispute	Why it is closed for security reason?
0	can you ck only order?	The minimum order is one lot, but I only need one piece
0	So far, this chat isn't going well.	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	I made a wrong order
0	where to put my card number	Where can I put the tracking number to track?
0	I'm having trouble canceling my account.	I am having trouble becoming a member, I have tried several times.
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
1	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	Do you have a contact phone number so I can talk to a real person?
1	i have a cuestion	Oh i have a problem
0	How to check select coupon	How do I select currency?
1	i am from india	I am from country
1	I canceled the order but have not yet refunded my money	How can i get my money back from canceled order?
0	Portuguese please	I want to close debate in favor of the seller, the goods were received.
0	I CANNOT BUY FROM CART	I cannot buy with QIWI Wallet
0	I am saying you only take us dollars?	How long will it take if I order from you
1	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	Hi, I have a problem, I want to return the camcorder to the warranty service, and the seller does not reply to my message	Why the seller does not send items or reply to message?
0	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	I already paid my ticket but it appears as I have not paid yet, what do I do?
0	when a need to select the mind i have two time october	How do I select currency?
0	how to respond on the escalated dispute	how to withdraw escalated dispute?
0	I need to know my order status	I need know when my order deliver to me
0	hi, why i cannot pay with ideal?	I cannot pay with QIWI
1	how to contact customer service	contact customer service
0	fabric on children's clothes	Let's play a game.
1	I need a real person to chat	can i talk to a real person?
0	where do I find account settings	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
1	how do I change shipping address	How can I change my shipping address?
0	where can i find my barcode	Where can I find the commercial invoice?
0	How to exchange points to coupon?	How to use a coupon in order?
0	how do I do?	How do I reorder?
0	You cannot help me	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	I still have not gotten the track number
0	COME TO MY BED	Why my order froze? My order will come to me or return?
1	how to chance shipping method?	How do I choose shipping method?
0	in my refund status there is not showing s 'Dispute	That's my order link
0	how to receive refund through Boleto?	How do I receive a refund by Maestro?
0	I already did this is nothing.	website shows that my order already been delivered, but i did not received
0	how to use select coupon?	Why can't I use my select coupon?
1	I cannot make an account and I want to track a package	I want to track my package via tracking number
0	I am not satisfied with dispute result. What can I do?	I am not satisfied with the goods
0	shipping back fee	How much is shipping fee?
0	I want the money as soon as I will not try again or buy anything from you	I will never order from this company again
1	I want a human!	i need a human
0	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	i need to know if i can receive my order in time
1	I can't write English	don't speak english
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	Can I change my last name on this account?
1	I need to talk to the online service.	need to talk to someone from customer service
0	these links are not working I need a service team	I need to contact case management team
0	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	What should I do to get my refund?
0	Dear friend, Thanks for your message and order. When we are arranging to refund to you, and the system showed you opened the dispute, so we could not refund to you. Please don't worry. We will not let you lose your money. Could you please cancel the di	Could you let me know which card I used?
1	please trace and i wanted a refund	How do I track my order?
0	how do i place the order	will not accept debit how can I place order
0	nice to meet u	Have a nice day.
0	I Am waiting for my refund	my order is still waiting to be shipped
0	I can only speak Japanese. However, you can respond at the translation site.	I speak only through an interpreter
0	Good afternoon, please, I forgot my access password and I do not know the email and I made a purchase, how do I do it?	How do I know if the payment was made?
0	how to become seller	How can I contact seller?
0	how do I cancel order	How do I cancel confirmation of an order?
1	Contact Customer Service this option doesn't work	I need contact the customer service
0	manage my shopping cart	Why my items disappeared in my shopping cart?
0	I want love dispute open but i can't	i cant call you
1	HI I have been trying to pay for my stuff for weeks but it won't accept my card	I am trying to make my payment on my credit card
0	how to check your order number	How do I check my order shipment?
0	seller shipping address	I put wrong shipping address
0	SIR I PAY HAND TO HAND	Can I pay with iDeal?
1	I do not know why my card is not working.	My credit card is being declined. Do you know why?
0	so? i can;t	I am so happy today.
0	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	i have a problem with the dispute issue
0	possible to talk to customer service	Is it possible to delete history of orders
1	I want to chat with a real human	I want to get human
0	i can not pay with IDEAL, my bank said there is nothing wrong with my IDEAL,	How can I change my email? I put a wrong email.
0	Hello, please help me ASAP	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	Find the good seller?	the seller is gone i cannot find him
0	FEW MINTS I GIVE ORDER BUT I GIVE MONEY HAND TO HAND	when you give my money after cancel order
0	I request dispute	I wonder if you have any dispute opened for this request
1	how many can i add to my shopping cart	How many products I can add in Shopping Cart?
1	I only paid the same order twice	Why I paid for some items twice?
0	but i can't use it... i made an order before and i can't pay anything with it	I can't reach your support
0	I am a victim of a scam	and i am happy.
1	Is not there a human to attend to?	i need a human
0	I forgot my password and email	Why I did not receive an email with my new password
0	Hello, I have tried several times to pay and every time I fill the card information and click pay the website tells me there has been and error. I have tried around five times now and it just says that there may be something wrong with the information but	I have tried to pay for this order with a business card and keep getting declined
0	change the reason of dispute	How to change reason
0	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	Why it shows Your order has been closed?
0	My dispute is taking too long, why?	log in takes too long
1	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	I want to know if my order was shipped?
0	I have never bought anything	I paid by TT and have not heard anything.
0	how to set new shipping address	How to set my password?
1	do you send payment to paypal	Do you support PayPal?
0	how do i check my reward points	I do not have my points
0	Hi I want to buy something but seller have to adjust price, my system goes automatically and does not allow for seller to adjust please help	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	I want to use the product picture
1	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	How can I open dispute if order complete?
0	hello, I have a quesion. I ordered product to New Zealand with alie express shipping est. delivery 13-20 days. One time I ordered e packet to new zealand est. delivery 20-40 days. However the e packet arrived within 12 days. Is e packet usually faster to n	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
1	password retrieval process	I do not remember the password
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	edit address on order
1	My account has the problem	I have a problem with my account
1	i need help with	i need help here
0	Are there other ways to pay	Is there any other way I can place the order and pay for it using my Credit Card?
1	and i have a problem with my order	I have a problem with this order
0	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	My order has been closed. When will I get my refund?
1	The wireless charger l received is faulty and doesn't charge	l am very disappointed with my order
1	hi, i have a problem	i have a problem with an order
0	my orders are doubled how do I start over	How many current orders do I have?
1	I have not received the shipment	I have not received anything
0	i wrote u upper!	are u there?
0	I did not receive the refund	I did not receive the instruction book
0	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	How can I pay all my orders?
0	Who is the seller	Who is your boss?
0	I need top ten items sold in 2017	How do I pay for items?
0	Where can you send me the address	Can you please tell me your email address
0	they suggested me to wait for a while for the conformation	Can you tell me if there is any processing fee while making the transaction
0	Extend delivery time	Can I extend feedback time?
1	one package for the order	Is it possible to combine my package to one?
0	I asked a couple of questions?	I placed my order and the seller asked to cancel.
0	Verify email address	Cannot verify my email
0	Yes I brought a wig and what i wanted they done have	I brought one dress but I did not receive my dress
0	I want to place an order but I cannot	I cannot place my order from Washington.
0	i did this all already and i was chatting with a member of your team and they said that it would be resolved by a day or so and it still has not been resolved	can I open dispute if the payment has already been released
0	are you okay?	You are smart.
0	how to subscribed	How are you?
0	Hello, my credit card expiration has expired and I can not find anywhere where the new card data can be overwritten. Could you help me?	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	please initiate chat	the chat closed
0	i have question about New black Mini USB Wifi Adapter Pocket Network Wireless Router 2nd Soft AP Portable	I have a question on refund.
0	how do I change coins into coupon	I do not have my coins
0	open dispute but seller refuse to refund	What if a seller advertise Buyer Protection and then refuse to use it?
0	I have no pay without paypal	I have to pay more
0	for my phone	Why my phone number is not accepted?
0	I didnt receive a single order that i made from Apr	I wonder when will I receive the item that have made ??the payment
0	The seller does not want to know anything about the dispute	I want to know about money back amount
1	So, could you help me?	Could you please help me?
0	but my seller not reply	Where is the reply from supplier?
0	Where I can find the feedback from the seller?	Where can I find the commercial invoice?
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	My coupon is expired, what can I do?
0	still showing refund processing	I made a dispute one month ago but it is still in processing. What can I do?
0	i need to open dispute	Why I cannot open dispute?
0	alright. Moving goods within the EU does not have to pay taxes if the seller has already paid taxes.	Can I get goods without paying taxes?
0	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	I am a victim of a scam	I am so stupid.
1	extend delivery time	extend protection time
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
1	I have a questions	I have few questions
0	hello by mistake I have received my product, but I have not received it yet	can I send you e-mail?
1	talk to someone	I need to talk to someone will not take my password
0	package description should not be mentioned	Where is my package?
0	I check my bank and my money is not refund yet	where should I check my refund?
0	will you deliver to usa	if I wear usa size large is it the same as china
0	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	I have a question can you help?
0	my last commande i buy this	Can I change my last name on this account?
0	It seems an old appeal has resurfaced on my account. All the documentation has been submitted and the appeal was satisfied weeks ago. Can you please help me resolve this issue?	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	Why do I keep getting an error when trying to pay for my things?
0	i see that you don't help me.i can't wait more time	i dont speak english good
0	How to change my contact details	How do I revise my dispute details?
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	I have to go for now.
0	How to edit profile?	How can i delete my profile?
0	i am not received my order	I just received my order and I am not happy with it.
1	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	package is shipped to wrong address
0	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	Can you send an invitation letter to me?
1	Impossible to create account	why I cannot create an account for me
0	my last commande i buy this	I would like to delete my feedback for my last order
0	who r u	how r u
1	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	I am waiting for refund of one product
1	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	I have problem in paying online with my credit card
0	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	I want to know is anybody who can speak in
1	No speak english	i dont speak english
0	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	Can I pay with a Visa card, if there is insufficient amount?
0	What does security check failure mean	What does collection mean?
0	how can i add my product for sale	How can I customize my product?
0	he seller says we have returned the money. I did not get the money.	the product has been returned to the seller. When can I get my money
0	could you track the status of order	I tried to track my order but I could not. What happened?
0	ok but we don't requested the our goods in your mentioned period	The taxes we pay are too high for importing products from your site
0	i make the payment but no shipment yet	I already made payment but not yet received email confirmation
0	Where can I find feedback left about me?	Where can I find the commercial invoice?
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	The card I used was charged again after I paid for my order.
1	I want refund	i want the refund for this product!
0	how to upload photo	I cannot upload documents.
0	Where can I find feedback left about me?	Where can I find my dispute cases?
0	Add to Wish List Does not work	add to wish list
1	How can I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I want to confirm that I have received my order
0	How to change shipping address	How do I add another shipping address?
0	I think the seller is not issuing my money	I think it is your fault.
0	I need an assistance with my order	I need to change the refund amount on my order
0	What is this?	What is Love"?"
0	I have a problem since one day ago	Have a nice day.
1	and i have a problem with my order	i have problem with order
0	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	Why my account is temporarily unavailable?
0	how do I change password	How do I change evaluation?
1	i ordered a phone. its broken	I want to replace the broken item.
0	so can you try to place the with the number to see what color you get	Do you have a phone number so i can place my order?
0	wait... let me show u a snapshot...	show me your face
0	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	Can I return a product if I am not satisfied?
0	How to place the order without paying it?	How to get goods without paying taxes?
0	Can you talk to a human being?	Can any of you talk to in Arabic
1	how to find a product	How to find the product I want?
1	My account iz broken	my account disappeared
0	how to block notification	Do not want any e-mail notification to inform
0	did not receive my refund	My coupon did not work
1	now haven't received payment returned	I have not received payment within 10 days
0	it showed failed to log page	My payment have failed
0	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	I want to know coupon
0	how to change details	How can I find the details for my order?
0	Make a purchase and ask for my documents for the appeal	How can I make a purchase from Washington state?
0	wrong email address	The supplier has shipped my order to a wrong address
0	also I can't open other pages with such goods	Can I also pay with PayPal?
1	how to confirm a order	How do I confirm my order has been received?
0	you can help m	Can you help me find the product on the site?
0	How to change shipping address	Please tell me how to change the delivery address
1	can I sell?	Am I able to sell things?
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	I just placed an order
0	can you ship out with 1 days shipping?	can you ship the product to my country?
0	how do I delete feedback?	How do I delete coupon?
1	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	how much I must pay for customs duties and tax
1	i will contact my bank i dont know what is 3D secure code	What is 3D secure code?
0	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	Why can't I buy products with my account?
0	i have forgot my password	i forgot my account but i have orders
1	how to get an invoice	How do I get invoice?
1	and l do not know english and the translator is not going	I do not speak English
1	I want a real person &amp; NOT a robot.	an i talk to a real person
0	Sales email address	The email address already exists
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	I saved my credit card but I need to replace it with a new one
0	how to remove credit card information?	How do I receive a refund by credit card?
0	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	I know that you are a robot.
0	how to respond on the escalated dispute	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
0	I can't seem to edit the name that is associated with my account. Im not sure how it defaulted to a different name other than mine but i cant seem to find how to change it	How can I change my contact name?
0	I ordered some tea bags in November, that haven't arrived.	I want refund because parcel is not arrived
1	I need an assistance with my order	I need help with my order
0	I want love dispute open but i can't	i want to open an after sale dispute
0	and I have not received any mail in the past 24 hrs	Can I have your mail address?
0	Make a purchase and ask for my documents for the appeal	Is there a number I can call to make my purchase
1	I pressed. Click the Confirm Order Receipt button. Before the Order is sent.	I pressed confirm order in false.
0	add a friend	how to add friends by TM
0	i need online chat	How do I set as Online" status?"
0	fast shipping courier	You reply very fast.
0	Is there any way to tell when my order will actually be delivered?	I want my order to be delivered in China. Is it possible?
0	Can you people help me	I realized that you can not help me
0	ORDER MESSAGE AND SELLER MESSAGE?	Why the seller does not send items or reply to message?
0	I have questions about details of a product	I asked questions about the product, but received no response
1	need your urgent assistance	need assistance with
0	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
1	changing the size of item	Can I change size of my ordered item?
0	how to cancel an account?	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	I am trying to place an order and no luck
1	No speak english	Do you speak english
0	Hello. I was in touch with a customer service rep on the 10th of May and I still have not heard back	I uploaded my identification and have not heard back
0	Escalate Judgement from AE	I cannot escalate a dispute
0	i want to be seller	i want to call the seller
1	I cannot see western union option on mac checkout page	I get no option to pay by Western Union
1	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	Need to pay for my order, keep getting an error msg.
0	OK OK OK	ok thank you very much
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	I have not received my goods, what can I do
1	i cant track my orders	I cannot track my order
0	How to reset your password	How to choose your order status?
1	this is online chat?	chat with a people
1	how to add evidence to dispute?	How to add video as my evidence?
0	Can can send my email	can you send package to my country?
0	Hello, my credit card expiration has expired and I can not find anywhere where the new card data can be overwritten. Could you help me?	Can I pay in installments on my credit card?
0	I'll turn off the computer and try it again tomorrow. I think it's your problem. The other internet is not a problem at all....	Confirm if have other problem
1	how to delete messages	How do I delete unwanted messages?
0	I have already open a dispute but they refuse it	I need open dispute but do not have the option
0	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	Why can't I buy products with my account?
1	i want to pay with skrill	Can I pay for an item using skrill?
1	I produced the video of the second faulty flashlight	The goods are faulty
0	can you send goods to iran?	Can you send me a photo of you?
0	HI I have been trying to pay for my stuff for weeks but it won't accept my card	How do I track my stuff?
1	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	My account is disabled. I have to activate.
1	I don't know English	I don't speak english
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	Do I have to have my name displayed on feedback
1	is this a human being?	may i talk with human?
0	post sell claim	What is China Post Air mail?
0	Check the refund on my card.	you can check my order
0	COME TO MY BED	I paid for my order but did not come
1	How to extend buyers protection?	How to extend my buyer protection time?
1	I cannot open a dispute	I cannot see the open dispute section
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	I had escalated dispute but until now there is no update.
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	I would like to contact a human
0	Registration email is not working	The coupon is not working
0	how do i reactivate my account	How do I change the email on my account?
0	i did this all already and i was chatting with a member of your team and they said that it would be resolved by a day or so and it still has not been resolved	website shows that my order already been delivered, but i did not received
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	How do I receive refunds if my credit card is changed?
0	Hello I would like to know I have 3 coupons but I do not know how much is worth in franc thank you	What is 3-D verification?
1	How do i report the seller	I want to report seller
0	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	How do I change my address in the system now?
0	i need developer account	I need help.
1	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	I am trying to place an order
1	I need to talk to the online service.	i need a customer service
1	why is my order been cancelled?	Why order has been cancelled?
1	How can i print my Bill	how do I print out invoice for my order?
0	I can not pay because "You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again."	How do I request shipment when processing time has expired?
0	As I can't do appeal	I can't submit evidence to my case
1	i am problem with my order	i have a problem with my order
0	how can i email	I entered the wrong email. How can I edit it?
1	Can I be connected to a live operator, please.	Please put me to live chat
0	where is my product	Where is product information?
1	If I order a shipping free product, do i need to pay for custom duty in my country??	How do I know if I will have to pay duty on a shipment
1	my email is	My email address is not spelled correctly.
0	I have informed you 3 times	Why do the suppliers have such long processing times?
0	Hi!! need to delete my old credit card info to register a new credit card	My credit card is overcharged
0	how I can contact with you	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	The seller does not want to know anything about the dispute	I want to know about history of a seller
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	the seller send me the package by free shipping instead ems
0	where is the dispute detail page	I want to open a dispute but the page does not work
0	package description should not be mentioned	If my package was lost by the shipping company, who should pay for my loss?
0	How can I collect my order in cart?	How can I recover the deleted item in the shopping cart?
0	from where are your products coming?	Can I get a catalog of your products?
1	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	I would like to help me with a shipment that I never received
1	My order is very late, and the vendor do not reply my messages	Why it take so long for the vendor to ship my Items?
0	buyer protection has ended	Is buyer protection free?
0	I can't open track order	How can I open dispute if order complete?
1	I want to talk with a person	i want to talk to a person
0	May 8 send a phone to return to the address indicated and still do not know anything and nobody contacts me.	May I know the progress of my order
0	its less than 20	Why my payment is less than what I paid?
0	can't leave feedback	How can I leave a feedback?
0	I can't open dispute and how can I contact to my seller?	When can I open a dispute?
0	the same thing happen to me with the chinese sellers on EBAY	I have accidentally placed double order on the same thing
1	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	Please put me to live chat
0	restore order list	How do I delete My order list?
0	via bank card	What do you mean by a copy of the bank statement for the credit card used?
0	I don't see what to clock	I don't know
0	what will happen when I open a dispute	When can I open dispute?
0	are you bot	are you busy?
0	How to get refund from Mercado pago	How do I get refund via TT?
0	How to submit video	I tried to open dispute for an order cannot submit
0	I tried to extend the purchase protection but seller is silent. When I try to open a dispute the system not permitted me tod do it.	How do I open dispute?
0	I need top ten items sold in 2017	What happens if a item is sold out
1	I did not but anything	We did not purchase anything but we have been charged.
1	So how can I do that	so what i have to do
0	respond on dispute	What will happen if the seller does not respond to my dispute?
1	Why I cannot send message to seller?	I can not send a message
1	why my order was cancelled?	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	My app coins are not added. What can I do?	How do I redeem my coins?
0	Hi Eva. At first the question. Can I write in german?	I can not write my Danish address
0	I paid this shoes I HAVEN'T NEVER RECEIVE	I paid via QIWI, how can I receive the refund?
1	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	I need to cancel my duplicated order
0	reward points not added	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	i am in mexico, do i need an permission to receive my orden?	When am I going to receive my orders?
0	OF THIS YOU HAVE NOT BEEN MADE YOU MUST PAY	Do you have friends?
0	how to set new shipping address	How can I change the wrong shipping address?
1	Sorry for my english. I speak french.	I do not speak English
1	i need you to open dispute	I need send dispute to seller. What can I do?
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	What happens on my dispute as I still do not have refund
1	My order has been retained in the Portuguese customs, I need a proof of purchase, invoice, receipt, how can I do?	If my product has been detained by the Customs as fake product, what can I do
0	how to change price	Supplier change the order price without my permission
0	How are you today?	what dollar rate for today upon production purchase at you?
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	What can I do if I commanded twice for the same product?
0	my query is regarding my order status	regarding to my order
0	setting up shipping address	My shipping address is not in English
1	i did not receive my refund	I did not take a refund of the order number
0	want to pay for item that was refunded	I want to search for a item
0	Hello, i'm from Poland	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	i do not agree with dispute result	I want to complain about mediation result.
0	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	I would like to know why my claim is not getting sorted
0	is there any extra charges for refund	Supplier ask extra money
1	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	Can i speak to a real person?
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	I am not satisfied with the product received. What can I do?
0	I placed an order as a guest but do not have confirmation	i have placed an order but i wish to confirm the mailing address
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	Will I have to pay tax
0	having trouble logging in	I am having trouble authorization to access my account
1	how to add video to my dispute	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	i cant pay for my item	Do I have to pay for wrong item return
0	how to fi	how are you doing
0	I dont understand	I did not understand the way the money will be refund
1	The deadline to open a dispute has already ended, how do I?	can I open dispute if the payment has already been released
0	Are there other ways to pay	How do I know if I have to pay import taxes or other taxes
0	I want a job at a company	I need the email address for this company
0	How can I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I cannot confirm order received.
0	I just wonder when I got my order	I have not got any confirmation after I paid for my order
0	No received email confirmed	can I send you e-mail?
0	The time of my order arrives is over, will I have the refund?	My order was cancelled but I have not received my refund
1	I am trying to pay for my order. Can I pay with iDeal?	How to pay with iDeal?
0	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	I would like to reorder some items.
0	I sent my documents	How do I know that my order has been sent?
0	My account has the problem	My account has been deactivated. What can I do?
0	l do not want more money l want my shipment and fast for that l pay an extra the time l need to understand?	Need more time to check
1	where is the appeal button?	Why there is no My Appeal?
0	i want to reset my password	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
0	Unable to sign for an account	How do I sign out after use my account?
0	r u there???	what r u?
0	i am not able see dispute history	I am not able to attach a photo for a dispute
0	you don't understand me	How can you don't know?
0	I have a questions	I have posted a number of questions to suppliers, no answer yet
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us dollars or our currency?	I am curious about you.
1	How to leave feedback on App?	How do I leave feedback?
0	So, could you help me?	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	how to change card	How can I change it?
0	what all doing	all my pleasure
0	What happen to you	what will happen to my money
0	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	The seller told me to cancel the order to return the money. What can I do?
0	my order was processed without me confirming payment details	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	I am still not able to pay my orders	I am not able to see my account
0	delete credit card	credit card fraud
0	should i take the package by myself?	How long it may take to get my package?
0	nice to meet you too	you talk too fast
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	how much I must pay for customs duties and tax
0	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	How can l see my message
0	my shipment is cancelled	my dispute says awaiting shipment
0	Hello good afternoon I would like to ask a question, I made my request and waited for confirmation of it, and the page told me that the tracking would be available in 5-10 days. The days have passed and I can not trace my request, what is happening?	I would like to ask what units you have for product
1	how to contact seller	How can I contact seller?
1	So where can I FOUND COUPONS I EXCHANGED? WHERE ARE THEY?	Where are the coupons I bought?
0	need Artificial services	payment services phone number
1	Sorry for my english. I speak french.	i dont speak english
0	How do I get coupon	How can I know I get the coupon?
1	Where can I use my refund?	Where's my refund?
0	what is dispute	What will happen if seller approves dispute?
0	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	Can I place all my orders in the same shipment?
1	how do i go to customer care	how do i contact customer service
0	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
0	how do I do?	How do I search for it?
1	How to manage my shopping cart	How to use shopping cart?
0	The shipment did not arrive	If you know a date that my order will arrive?
1	You are saying anything about my refund	I want to know about refund
0	that didn't work	What is your work
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	you won't answer my question
0	What are talking about?	i am talking about order number
0	how to add items in cart	Add items from wish list to shopping cart
1	How can I refund my money back?	How can I do refund?
0	Top ten items which sold in 2017 at top	Which cards can I buy items?
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change my profile?
0	But you are saying anything about my refund	Is there anything that you want to tell me?
1	I need to talk to the online service.	i want to talk to a human online
0	what time is it?	What is refund processing time?
0	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	trying to cancel an order that I paid by credit card but there is no option
1	i can not sign in	I cannot sign in my account
0	I bought a product and I did not receive.	Why did not I receive refund?
0	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
0	cannot contact seller	Why can't I use my seller coupon?
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	How do I edit my email address?
0	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	Why I have not received my refund after more than 20 working days?
0	How do I use my email address in new account	How do I sign out after use my account?
1	how to block a seller	How do I blacklist a seller?
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	I am using a debit card. There is no expiry date
1	I haven't received some ring sizers i ordered.	i ordered some products and received a size smaller.
0	i am not satisfied with dispute result	I am interested in information on the dispute.
0	how to stop receiving messages from seller	Where can I find old messages from the seller?
0	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	you have not helped me
0	Please pay attention to what is happening please...	Please call me.
1	ok...I have a question for you	I have one question.
0	what all doing	Not helping at all
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us us dollars or our currency?	Do I have to pay taxes to us customs
0	This doesnt work.	Why debit card is not work?
1	how do i place order?	How do I place order?
0	how to delete item in shopping cart	How can I recover the deleted item in the shopping cart?
0	Hi, I am having trouble with my payment	I am having trouble creating an account
0	How do i upload photo in dispute?	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	Money has not been paid	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	how can I adjust the product at the time of delivery??	How can I know the cost of delivery?
0	I want to pay but i do not want to pass my card i guess i did not buy longer, i tried to re-enter the data card's visa and scream until 07/19 and it was not over again	I want to pay with Visa card, but payment did not go
0	how to upload evidence	How do I provide evidence to support my claim?
0	How Do I change my password	How do I change my bank details?
0	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	what size should I order?
0	i'm so disappointed, the last 3 product I orders on 1 in January and 2 in february still didn't arrive. From now how to have a confidence to order anything else!!!	i will never never never ever buy anything else from this website
0	how to add video	how to add friends by TM
0	I filled out the form for appeal but I can not send it	How do I know whether they send out the items or not?
0	I opened an order and the product ran out	When can I receive my package after the product is sent out?
1	watch for me please	can u please help me?
0	Hi, I had ordered a cosplay costume with the wrong currency; I canceled the order and the seller told me it was cleared right away, but now there is not enough credit on the card; Could I kindly receive the amount back as quickly as possible? I have to reo	I had a negative feedback on the wrong order. How can I take it back?
0	how to find a good seller?	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	It is not about the tracking order	tracking number for returned order
0	How to change shipping address	How do I enter a shipping address?
0	i am not able to see dispute option	I am not able to attach a photo for a dispute
0	reasons for cancellation	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
1	what all doing	What are you doing now?
0	Every time I try to pay the order that I have placed, I get an error saying that for "security reasons" the payment could not be executed. How can this be solved?	it keeps saying i have no account
1	My received was hold in the customs	My goods have been detained by the Customs, what can I do?
0	Today I have placed an order as a guest but have not received confirmation.	I have placed same order four times
0	I forgot the security question	I forgot to write full address
1	cancel my order	I would like to cancel my order.
0	i want to recover deleted orders	I want to cancel order in my orders but no option to that
0	I want to collect the order in the cart.	I want to cancel an order.
1	Hi One of my purchases on the Tracking information has had the "Shipment Cancelled" what does this mean and will I still get my parcel	Why it has no tracking information?
1	connect me to a customer service agent	send me a customer service email contact
0	it said it was unsuccessful in loading it	The seller said that the goods lost.
1	how to exchange coins to coupon?	How do I use the coins?
0	I wanna see my tracking details	How do I change my bank details?
0	The product in Shopping Cart disappear. What can I do?	What is shopping cart?
0	Please cancel my account as details are wrong	Please help verify my account
1	why are you not answering corret: go to hell	You are not answering any of my questions.
1	how to add item to your wish list	How do I add products to my Wish List?
0	And seller don't give my money back	will I get my money back if the order is cancelled
0	how can I know what type of seeds I have received. There is only a bag of seeds in the parcel. Nothing more. I have three bags now	I have received nothing.
0	where is the coupon page?	not get Store Coupon after click on store page
0	I have urn Eva...	Ok Eva thanks very much I understand
0	I have questions about details of a product	I don't have more questions
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	Can I change my order after pay for it
0	i want to remove my credit card from my account	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
0	I asked many times the seller but he/she is always saying it will be here in week or two	I placed my order and the seller asked to cancel.
0	good day I made a purchase 6 months ago and did not arrive the seller says he had problems with customs. but it has not solved me neither the refund nor the product I need help since he does not answer me	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
1	kinds of payment method	Can I pay with other payment method?
0	Hello! Is it posible to see what rewiews sellers have given about me? Where can I find the rewiews?	Where can I find the messages I have sent to the suppliers?
1	when I open a dispute	When can I open dispute?
0	so how to do it &gt;	Do you have a phone number so i can place my order?
0	i want to know my refund payment status	I wanna know the status of my case
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	I am interested in information on the dispute.
0	how i can verified my account	How can I change my account?
0	Why is the shipment cancelled	The order need be cancelled.
1	are you bot	Are you a bot?
0	So who will provide a answer	Thank you so much for your answer.
0	I speak slowly because I use google translate	i need to speak portuguese
1	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	I have not received my refund afte more than 20 working days
0	also I can't open other pages with such goods	Can I pay with other payment method?
0	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	How can I get my shopping invoices?
0	Waiting for my appeal to be verified.	my order is still waiting to be shipped
1	I placed an order and canceled but I was deducted. can you confirm if my money will be reversed to my account?	How can i get my money back from canceled order?
0	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	I have not been repaid for a cancelled order
1	I will ask something	I want to ask a question
0	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	I want to have several orders shipped together to me
0	My dispute is taking too long, why?	Why is my order taking so long to ship
1	i'm so disappointed, the last 3 product I orders on 1 in January and 2 in february still didn't arrive. From now how to have a confidence to order anything else!!!	I order a thing 2 months ago but i still did not get it
0	Why do i have to resubmit the documents i already submitted to you? WHY? WHY? WHY?	Why you do not have PayPal?
0	i cancelled my order with the seller already	I have already paid for my orde, but the order status has not changed
0	hello by mistake I have received my product, but I have not received it yet	I want to be unsubscribed from all e-mails
0	visa credit card. It was expired and now renewed	My credit card is overcharged
1	I want to know about my refund	I want to know about refund
1	connect me to a customer service agent	can you connect me to an agent
0	Hi! How fast can you ship to Norway?	you talk too fast
0	turn me back to operator	the company did not give me a refund even though I sent the product back.
1	Walle, How can you type so fast	you talk too fast
0	how to add passport information	How to add video as my evidence?
0	i have forgot my password	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	how to set shipping method	wrong shipping method
0	once again i will try, it can work my visa gift card	does visa debit card work
0	What does security check failure mean	what does awaiting receipt mean
0	How do i add evidence?	How do I add additional feedback?
0	in my order list "View Detail" ,last status at april 27 and no more	How to get my coupon back if last order completed
0	l ordered from spain to spain now they send the order from china?	hello from spain
0	How to response the proposal in my dispute case	How to open case?
1	why my order was cancelled?	I paid for my order. Why did you cancelled it?
0	can i buy from Iran	Can I buy 2 products from different seller in the same shipment?
0	Hi, I didn't get my refund	I want to cancel my order and get refund.
1	I want to change the size	Can I change the size?
0	my order return to you?	I will return the coupon if you cancel?
1	l placed an order from spain to spain	I just placed an order
0	Where can you send me the address	Can you send me a catalog by mail
0	I spoke with you yesterday	I know that you are a robot.
0	my orders are doubled how do I start over	how do i delete my orders that got closed
0	How to edit my phone number	how to have a phone number please
0	a colleague said he would be restored	Are he order items shipped separately or together?
1	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	Why I paid for the product and the order was canceled?
1	how to find a product	I want to find the product
0	dispute is finished but the tea bags still haven't arrived	When my dispute will be finished?
1	how do i confirm the order?	I have received my order, how to confirm?
1	how can I leave a feedback	How do I leave feedback for the seller?
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	I want refund because parcel is not arrived
0	I can not make a dispute	How can I make payment with my coupons
1	how to check refund	where should I check my refund?
0	I want to send an email	Please let me know your e mail address
1	I pay seller and my order never arrive	I never received my order
1	Can u please talk to me	can u help me?
0	BUT THE ARTICLE IS ALREADY IN PORTUGAL	What if I already paid?
0	Why the money is not returning	Why the order was canceled but not returned the money?
0	how can i just place preorder?	I just want to place the order for one item instantly
0	delete credit card	Supported credit card types
0	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
0	It never get frozen it goes to pay and it is paid instantly	How do I get an invoice to pay?
0	help with my account	Someone help to solve my dispute
0	do you want watch voor me	I do not want to have refund. Could you give me coupon instead?
1	and i have a problem with my order	i have problem with an order
0	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	Do you think I will get my money back?
1	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	I need help with a refund
1	upload video evidence	How to add video in my dispute?
0	ORDER MESSAGE AND SELLER MESSAGE?	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	what is coins	Can the coins return to me if I cancel preorder?
0	i want to pay the amount with gift card	Can I pay with a Visa card, if there is insufficient amount?
0	how to exchange coins to coupon?	How do I exchange the item for the right size?
0	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	My order was closed since the supplier account has been disabled
1	Can you talk to a human being?	Any phone that I can talk to you?
0	i did not receive my refund yet	I did not receive my package
0	because we travail from KSA to Egypt in this date please	We reached an agreement, please return my money
0	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
1	how to get coupon?	How do I get a coupon for a discount of $25?
1	a need a real person to talk to	Ask a real person to talk to me!
1	hello, I had received massage through phone app that my order delivered, but however the item I did not receive	website shows that my order already been delivered, but i did not received
0	When will I get the parcel?	When will I get my refund?
1	i ordered the item in april	I have ordered an item
1	how to change to password?	How can I reset my password?
0	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I add additional feedback?
0	I ordered some tea bags in November, that haven't arrived.	I get an email that a new mail has arrived
1	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	I am waiting for a refund. How long it will take?
0	They send me that	they send me the wrong size
0	how to input the order in to awaiting payment using app	How do I track order when it shows Awaiting Shipment?
1	How change post code	How to change the delivery postal code?
0	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
0	can i speak with you in french?	What languages can you speak?
0	dealer name Yvone Lee	I misspelled the name in the profile
0	how do I find a certain store?	How do I add a favorite store?
0	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	The seller does not answer me about my order
1	how i print invoices	How do I print an invoice
0	i have not recieved my money	I have orders in dispute, when I will have my money back
0	i have received it	I have not received my money.
0	I can not evaluate the seller	Can I pay the seller directly?
0	Hi. My dispute status is: Status: "Awaiting seller's receipt confirmation" and it is 7 days given for the seller to confirm the reception. Those 7 days have already passed but i have no refund for this dispute	I have paid for my order for more than 7 days by bank transfer, but my order is still pending payment.
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017 go to hell	How can I delete TradeManager from my desktop?
0	i need to raise dispute	What do I do if the seller wants to raise the price?
1	I want to talk to a man.	i want to talk to someone
0	how I can contact with the factory person?	How can I contact you?
0	No please listen.....I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please h	Can I buy 2 products from different seller in the same shipment?
0	What is coupon	What is Select Coupon?
1	how to edit account	How do I edit my account?
1	how can i use american express	i have a problem paying with my American Express card
0	i can't log in the forgotten password link doesn't work	The product I bought it does not work
1	i need my money back on my card today	I want my money back.
0	good evening I had a problem with my credit card and the money that was in authorization was returned, have you received my payment?	I paid with credit card. When will my payment get confirmed?
0	hello, I had received massage through phone app that my order delivered, but however the item I did not receive	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
1	Can u please help me	Are u able to help me
1	Then this must be joke, you must be kidding me,,,	Are you kidding me?
0	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
1	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	Can I chat with an agent?
1	why my order canceled shipment	Why I get an email that my order is canceled?
0	i order some item last week	i need some help with a order
1	i want to be connected with a real person	I need a real person
0	and I need to cancel the dispute	I need to cancel order, in my order no option to cancel
0	hello seller has not refunded after 3 months of communication	The seller has deceived me
0	when a need to select the mind i have two time october	i want to pay with two cards
1	HI, Anyone there can answer my question? thanks	when can i get the answer of my question
0	I bought a product that was sent by China Post Registered Air Mail and the 20 days does not receive update how do I contact the service?	How do I contact service team?
0	were in my elemnt i purchase	I have charged additional fees for my purchase
0	how to add photo	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	I can not evaluate the seller	Can I chat with my seller?
0	how to stop receiving mails	Not receiving new password
1	I need to know my order status	i wanted to know the order status
0	how to check your order number	How to choose your order status?
1	I have a questions	I am new to this and have a few questions that i prefer to speak to
1	do you speak spanish?	do you speak spanish?
1	Check the refund on my card.	How to check if I have refund or not?
1	Should I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay my taxes and taxes?	How do I know if I have to pay import taxes or other taxes
0	the same thing happen to me with the chinese sellers on EBAY	To buy goods from different sellers all orders will be exported in the same box?
1	HELLO SIR MY QUESTION	hello my friend
1	How can i get the nacional tracking code for my product?	How do I get the tracking code of the product?
0	how do i appeal my payment?	How do I cancel the payment?
0	This is the link of the store	Why there is no verification link in the email?
1	sorry My credit card data	I want to change the card data
0	how to change coins to coupon	How to get a coupon back?
0	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	I tried to pay with Western Union but the account number is not correct.
0	how to retrieve deleted orders	How to manage my orders?
0	I can not leave feedback because the page is covered with text asking me to put stars	How do I change feedback to 4 stars?
0	i can't log in the forgotten password link doesn't work	I want to open a dispute but the page does not work
0	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	What a fuck day!
0	how to complaint	Can you tell me how many days it usually takes to complete a complaint?
1	Can somebody help me	is there somebody can help me
0	i want to pay with skrill	Can I pay with iDeal?
0	What does "Waiting Receipt" means? Isn't payment OK?	My payment does not go through what do I do?
0	I have never bought anything	I have never received the product purchased
1	how to leave feedback	How can I leave a feedback?
0	remove my card details	how to remove my order?
0	Money has not been paid	I paid for an order but then it was cancelled. Seller has not refunded money.
0	I want to verify if my order was processed	I got the email to verify my account but there was no link
0	What I have to do for my seller to be able to adjust a price	when a seller does not answer my mail what do i have to do
0	coins are not added	Apply for compensation (COINS)
0	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	How can I use shopping cart to place order?
0	the order just never gets processed	The messages were just: Nothing is available to order now
1	No speak english	don't speak english
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	I would like to change my review on one seller. How can I do that?
1	really need a human to talk to	i need a human
0	how to leave additional feedback	How do I leave negative feedback?
0	i know this	I don't know
0	I want the item, the vendor do not reply my messages	I want to return the item
0	I check my bank and my money is not refund yet	Why is my order not here yet
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I have login problem
0	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	i think you are cute
0	how to revise feedback	How do I revise my dispute details?
0	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	I want my package to come faster
0	i did all of it	How can I receive all items together?
0	I just want to remove credit card from site	I want remove My order
1	Can you people help me	you can not help me
0	Hi Im having trouble placing an order Can you help me figure out whats wrong with your system?	can you help me with
0	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	I have this order closed by system. What happens with my money?
0	how to recover old account	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	I want to change my credit card which is registered for payment	I am trying to make my payment on my credit card
0	why I cannot use coupon	Why I cannot use PayPal?
1	for customs taxes	I am confused if I will have to pay customs taxes and duties
0	someone used my account	Why is my email shown as used?
0	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
1	this is online chat?	can i chat with an agent online
0	how do I get my order number	not received order how do i get my money back
0	can't leave feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
1	where is this Appeal button?	Why there is no My Appeal?
0	before placing order	What if the seller does not ship my order before the processing time?
0	please send me phone number because no one can help my problem	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
1	I ordered tea bags in November	I need your help. I ordered an item
0	have talked to you yesterday and was told this will be resolved within a day	Can you speed up the shipment of goods, not within 30 days?
1	how can i just place preorder?	How to find preorder?
0	i am problem with my order	i have a problem with tracking my order
0	my demand in not including anything you or your system wrote	Your system is rubbish and should be simplified.
0	SPSR shipping method	choose wrong shipping method
0	my demand in not including anything you or your system wrote	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
0	how to subscribed	How old are you?
0	Hi Eva. At first the question. Can I write in german?	hi miss Eva
1	i cant login my account	I cannot login using my ID
1	my shipment cancelled	There is no information for my shipment at this time.
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	Do you miss me?
0	how to add video to my dispute	How can i add user in my chat
1	i cannot pay using bank transfer	I cannot do bank transfer
0	I can't open dispute	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	I need to open a dispute	Why I cannot open dispute?
1	How to leave feedback on App?	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	Nooooo please get a supervisor that understand this please	Please help me to get my parcel
1	Sorry for my english. I speak french.	I not speak english
0	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	I want to fix my zip code address.
0	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	I have not received my refund afte more than 20 working days
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please.	I cancelled an order and have not been refunded
1	I ordered tea bags in November	I ordered Nike shoes and accept it
0	i want know when i need data to use it	If I want to use a coupon
0	how to exchange app coins	How to use coupon from mobile app?
0	because we travail from KSA to Egypt in this date please	Please stop emails from vendors to me direct through email. I am bombarded.
0	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	I want to open dispute for my order
0	how to set my currency	How do I set up my PayPal account?
0	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	Can I order just one item for my personal use?
0	its less than 20	Why is the money I was refunded less than the money you took from me?
0	change the reason of dispute	what is reason it is frozen?
0	I canceled after payment	Received message that some products were canceled for lack of payment
0	i my order have been sent on may 3rd and it's still in transit. WHY?	Why my order have not been cancelled?
0	where can i find my barcode	Where do i find my purchase history?
0	the transaction is completed	Is there any transaction fee
0	How do I use Warranty Service?	how do i email to customer service
1	no i can not hardly with customer attention	how can I contact customer support?
1	Hello, I wish to know the status of my dispute	I wanna know the status of my case
0	but how much time	How much is a product?
0	Hi, I need your help. I would like to open dispute, but the order is finished and it's more than 15 days since I confirmed the receipt so it's not possible to open dispute. Is it still possible to open dispute for the reason that the item is not wo	I would like to open a dispute for the order
0	how to open dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	I have never bought anything	I have not received anything
0	how to add additional feedback	How to add video?
0	I can not make an order	Is there a number I can call to make my purchase
0	The status is finished but I have nothing.	I have the status of Fund Processing
0	my shipment has been cancelled	my order has been frozen?
0	how respond on escalated dispute?	how to withdraw escalated dispute?
1	how to retrieve password	I need a new password
0	I want to remove an appeal	Why there is no My Appeal?
0	So far, this chat isn't going well.	i'm going to sleep
0	The status is finished but I have nothing.	I have already paid for my orde, but the order status has not changed
0	my order was processed without me confirming payment details	my order has been completed without my permission
0	i cancelled my order with the seller already	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	i disputing refunds. but delete order list	How do I receive refunds if my credit card is changed?
0	how can I get sellers address	how can I get service
1	where to find order number	Where can I view order number?
0	sorry, you cannot help me	can you help me with something
0	Unable to sign for an account	I was unable to make payment
0	how can I file for an appeal	Can I file a complaint against the seller?
0	it is nice to meet you	are you busy?
0	I want to cancel the extra shipping charge for the item I bought.	I want to search for a item
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	do you marry me?
1	do you speak spanish?	do you speak spanish?
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	I did not see any order history but my credit card was charged
0	i want know when i need data to use it	I want to know when will my product arrive
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	I want to select specific color for my order
1	how to change card	I want to change the card data
1	how to set my currency	How do I show in my currency?
0	you can reactivate a canceled order?	It said my order was canceled. Do you know why?
0	i got new debit card how do i up date my card	How would I pay for my payment with an debit card?
0	The seller advertise wrong price	the seller sent me wrong size
1	please initiate chat	put me through to live chat please
0	we talk about my order bearing	Any chance we can talk on the phone?
0	how to block notification	Is there any notification to me if the refund has been transfer?
0	refund status unresolved	the status shows waiting for acceptance,
0	how to manage feedback	How to report feedback abuse?
0	how to place order without paying	How can I use shopping cart to place order?
0	i already try contact the seller	I will try that now
1	having trouble logging in	I have difficulties logging in
1	I need a real person to chat	can I speak with a real person?
1	how to contact customer service	How can I contact customer support?
1	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	When can I receive my package after the product is sent out?
1	how to retrieve password	I do not remember the password
0	l ordered from spain to spain now they send the order from china?	is your company from china?
0	how to block a seller	How can I contact seller?
0	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	I want to pay everything together.
1	how to exchange app coins	How do I redeem my coins?
1	how can i contact the seller	I want to contact seller.
0	Why do i have to resubmit the documents i already submitted to you? WHY? WHY? WHY?	Why you ask for another payment when I have already made payment?
1	and l do not know english and the translator is not going	I will speak to you through Google translator
0	A long time ago I forgot what my password was. I tried to get somebody to help me bust nobody would. I stopped buying things from the website.	so nobody help me
0	I could not pay for my order and I've already supplied an appeal and it was approved	I tried to track my order but I could not. What happened?
0	The products received are not what I have agreed	I was told that I was sent an email but I do not know where it is
0	Where can you send me the address	Can you send me a price list?
0	Why is the shipment cancelled	order cancelled by the seller, and the money is not received
0	i want to pay with skrill	Shall I pay on delivery?
0	fast shipping method	the shipping method has changed due to the change of your shipping address
0	how to exchange coins to coupon?	How can I do an exchange?
1	how to extend buyer's protection	extend protection time
0	read my question before answer pls	I need my product before Saturday
0	how to change delivery address	How do I fill in the delivery address?
0	i am unable to place my order	I am unable to respond to an email sent from my seller?
1	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us us dollars or our currency?	I want to change currency
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	Why the order was closed for security reason?
0	hello this is my first time here.	There is no information for my shipment at this time.
0	how to respond dispute	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	Is their not a live
0	What I cannot get coupons when I exchange coins?	Can I get these coupons reactivated
1	When can I speak to real person????	can i talk to a real person?
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	i need a live person to chat with
0	I want to close a dispute	I want to close my account
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	I got lower refund than I claimed. What can I do?
0	sir i have to purchase a product from you sir	I would like to ask what units you have for product
1	now i forget my password	I forgot my password
0	could you help me and could you open dispute?	Could you please help me?
0	if an order has come back how many days i have to get the refund	I have shipped back the goods but the order has been completed.
0	What does "Waiting Receipt" means? Isn't payment OK?	Does not load the payment page
0	I need to open a dispute	I cannot open a dispute. I need your help.
0	refund status unresolved	Why the status shows Null?
1	upload video evidence	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
1	ship to syria	do they ship to
0	I can not evaluate the seller	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	Its the 5 time I contact my order is not coming	How can I contact you for my transactions being canceled?
0	I prefer en Spanish	I am spanish
1	sir i have to purchase a product from you sir	How can I purchase one product?
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	Do you accept Mastercard?
0	Why did my payment go through after canceling my order?	my order can't go through
0	dispute is finished but the tea bags still haven't arrived	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	How do I get coupons or discounts	Can I get these coupons reactivated
1	May I speak with a Human please?	may i talk with human?
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us dollars or our currency?	I know that you are a robot.
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	Why do not you serve payment cards?
0	credit card details	Supported credit card types
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	I have been scammed
0	how do I reset password	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
1	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I have received my order, how to confirm?
0	hello what is the difference between frame and no frame? can i hang "no frame" on the wall or is it just the actual canvas attached to nothing, like a poster?	The messages were just: Nothing is available to order now
1	where can I find "EDIT member profile"?	How do I edit my member profile?
1	How do I get coupon	How do I get a coupon
1	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	I cancelled an order but the money was not refunded to me
0	What is wish list	Can other people see my wish list?
0	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	How do I receive refund if I paid by Bank Transfer or TT?
0	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	Why it is closed for security reason?
0	Why is the shipment cancelled	The order is cancelled, but the money is not refunded
0	Hi Eva, i purchased baby girl clothes in February and still haven't received it	Still not received a refund
0	hello. i have submitted documentation to prove payment method but it will not allow me to buy. please unlock account	Do you have PayPal as payment method?
0	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	can i know about it please
0	I am asking how to combine orders for payment if the order is still in my cart	I paid for my order but the status is still payment required
1	a need a real person to talk to	can i talk to a real person?
1	Should I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay my taxes and taxes?	Do I have to pay taxes to us customs
0	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	Whether I get paid or not?
0	add video evidence	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	saying i didn't communicate	I am trying to make an order but it keeps saying error
1	I only want my money back that is my only question	I want my money back in my account
1	how do i place order?	How do I place an order?
0	Where can I find the search function photo search	How can i search a store?
0	I want to change my credit card which is registered for payment	I want my refund to another credit card
1	i have a problem with seller	I have a problem with seller
1	are you human? I need help	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	open dispute but seller refuse to refund	What can I do if the seller refuse my refund request?
0	Why my package is blocking the original country?	can you send package to my country?
0	I click the PAY NOW button and it says every time that there has been and erros so I cant pay my order	I click Buy Now but cannot process the order
0	unable to set the shipping address	How do I set my shipping address?
0	you have other mode to pay. no card	I have tried to pay for this order with a business card and keep getting declined
1	ok...I have a question for you	I have question for you
1	can help me	can you help me with
0	my name is Bill	How do I get my user name?
0	My dispute is taking too long, why?	What if the Shipping takes too long?
0	Am looking at super thick 3D wood log wallpaper mural paper	Why I cannot log in
0	The shipment ME requested did not come as it was replaced by another product	How long will it take for my product to come
0	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	i have already ordered an item
0	I do not know why my card is not working.	I tries to pay with my visa debit card and it is not working
0	How old are you	Where can I check my old orders?
0	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	I am no longer for business, can you have my account suspended?
0	My forms and documents are not going	Why my dispute is not going through?
0	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	I want to edit my name on shipping address
0	I want full refund of products	I want to find suppliers for products
0	I didn't receive my order?	I did not receive confirmation after my order
0	How are you today?	how long will it take to get to my country if I order today
0	But i have paid it	I have to go for now.
0	can i order on company name?	How can I change my name?
0	You are saying anything about my refund	Is there anything that you want to tell me?
0	The chat does not work	Payment does not work
0	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	I put wrong address on my order
0	Why am I expected to pay return shipping costs if it has been determined that the seller sent me the wrong items?	my package has been to a wrong shipping address due to supplier's fault?
1	the buyer is refusing to replace damage order	I want to replace the broken item.
1	Are you able to help me?	Can you help me?
1	how to reach the payment service team?	how do i contact service team
1	how to delete account	how to cancel my account
0	refund is stuck at processing	My order is in Fund Processing
1	is this a fucking computer?	are you a live person or a computer
1	When can I speak to real person????	can i speak to a person?
0	how to change details	how to look the details of the product ordered
0	i got new debit card how do i up date my card	I cannot receive money on my debit card
1	now i forget my password	What can I do if I forget my password?
0	did you understand my problem? yes or no	Did you receive my question?
0	Every time I try to pay the order that I have placed, I get an error saying that for "security reasons" the payment could not be executed. How can this be solved?	i have placed an order
0	How to response the proposal in my dispute case	Why no response after escalate dispute?
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	i want to pay with my bank card
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	How can I exchange goods that I have received?
0	what will happen when I open a dispute	I open dispute but get no response. What happens?
0	what is my account user name?	my name is
0	setting up shipping address	I want to change shipping address
0	And seller don't give my money back	How do I get my money back?
1	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	Please give me your e-mail support for your site
1	how to change coins to coupon	How do I redeem my coins?
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I am trying to order a dress but it is not giving me a size to choose.
0	refund in Mercado pago?	There is no refund on dispute
0	I cannot upload video	I cannot upload a jpeg picture.
0	I want a job at a company	I left a feedback for a company and I want to change what I wrote
0	just want to know exchange sizes	I just want to confirm payment via western union
0	how to confirm delivery	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
0	Hi, I am in Hong Kong. do you have staff or shop or office in HK?	Is the currency in Hong Kong dollars?
0	Didnt say anything about email	I am not able to buy anything
0	How to upload MP4 in dispute	i do not know how to upload pictures
0	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	can i know about it please
1	MONEY NOT RETURNED	Why the order was canceled but not returned the money?
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	Why the seller knows my email address?
0	how to check coupon?	How to check the website in Russian?
0	My orders are getting canceled..	i want to thank you for getting my money back
0	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	should i pay tax if i order from china
0	My membership level are not added	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	how can I repot a fraud seller	I received an email with notice that seller is suspected of fraud issue.
1	how to open dispute on completed order?	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
0	How do I manage my shopping cart	I am not able to open my Shopping Cart
0	turn me back to operator	It is to expensive for me to send the good back
0	setting up shipping address	my shipping address P.O box
0	and I need to cancel the dispute	I need open a dispute
1	I can't leave a feedback	I cannot leave feedback.
0	remove my card number	I have changed my card number
0	this is english...	do you speak english?
0	I try now	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
0	need to check my order	How do I check my order shipment?
0	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	I want to return the parcel
0	if an order has come back how many days i have to get the refund	If i order now with UPS how many days come the item in my country
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	when a seller does not answer my mail what do i have to do
0	I not satisfied with the dispute	I have a dispute
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	so answer me"!"/!/"	give me proper answer about
1	ok, thank you. I ordered this sunday. Means I have at least one month to see what will happen. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day and best wishes from Turkey	thank you for your time
1	How can i print my Bill	how can i print an invoice for order placed
1	I need to speak with some human support	i need a human
1	I can't open dispute	I cannot open dispute
0	why my order canceled shipment	Why my order is still pending Awaiting Shipment?
0	how to find seller rating	Is there any way to find verified seller?
0	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	can you send package to my country?
0	How do I tell the clerk?	Please tell me how to change the delivery address
0	i havent received my goods	I confirmed that received the goods, but actually not.
0	but how much time	How much is shipping fee?
0	the tracking number is not available, so i contacted the seller	I need my number of tracking
0	Hi I want to buy something but seller have to adjust price, my system goes automatically and does not allow for seller to adjust please help	the seller does not want to approve refund
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I have a problem.
0	If your order shows 'order cancel',	I track my order but it shows Null
0	I have forgotten my password &amp; when I try &amp; reset my password from the email it is not connecting or when I copy &amp; paste web site to brower, its not showing the site, I just want a new password so i can check my account, but nothing is working	Why can not I reset password?
0	were can i find the barcode	I cannot find my orders that were placed.
1	I speak slowly because I use google translate	I will speak to you through Google translator
0	How do I check if a seller reliable?	How do I check my claim?
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	I have escalated an order and have not been updated in over a week.
1	i have a problem with payments on my account	i have a problem with my order
0	AND I DO NOT SPEAK ENGLISH	Are you an ET?
0	When do help is coming	When do I received my order?
1	how can i contact the seller	I made an order but i do not know how can I contact the seller
1	fast shipping courier	I want fast shipping
0	read my question before answer pls	you are not answering my question
0	i received only one shows in my order	How can I pay for my entire order with one payment?
1	Is there a real person who can help me?	is there any real person that can help me
0	how to reset my password	How can I reset my security question?
0	check on that order number i gave you please i need to understand what the outcome is	I gave Western Union the number but it does not working.
1	i did not receive my refund	I did not get my money
1	i will contact my bank i dont know what is 3D secure code	Where can I get Master Secure Code?
1	why coins not added	I play the game but why not give coins
0	Please, I could not checkout	Could you please call
0	My app coins are not added. What can I do?	Can the coins return to me if I cancel preorder?
0	i did all of it	I did not receive the invoice
1	I need a real person for help	can i talk to a real person?
0	I placed an order and a dispute was opened and still haven't got my refund for over a month now.	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
0	add credit card information	I will upload my card and identity information
0	how to check your order number	How to get my order number?
1	It is possible?	Is it possible to delete history of orders
0	I did not receive my order but tracking says it delivered	Why did not I receive my order in my email?
0	Hi. My dispute status is: Status: "Awaiting seller's receipt confirmation" and it is 7 days given for the seller to confirm the reception. Those 7 days have already passed but i have no refund for this dispute	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	Hello I need to reset my password before I can add a card	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	The product has run out...	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
0	How to submit video	The submit button on dispute form is not working
1	how to leave feedback	How do I leave feedback?
0	Add to Wish List Does not work	How to add product to Wish List
1	I need to talk to the online service.	I need contact the customer service
0	no, you need cancel my email for me to buy again	You sent me an email canceling my payment because the seller was doubtful
0	my order no. is	When will my order be unfrozen?
0	ok I will explain briefly	OK WHAT I HAVE TO DO
1	how do i reset password?	I do not have a password
0	hi, nice to meet you	Nice talking with you.
0	How do I use Select Coupon?	cannot use Select Coupon
1	hello can someone help	can someone else help me?
1	how to check if seller is reliable.	How to know if the supplier is reliable?
1	ok...I have a question for you	please i have a question
0	when I want to pay, an old discarded card comes up. I have to enter my new card number EVERY time, and it is annoying. How can I deleted the old discarded visa card	When can I pay my order by Visa debit card
0	i received only one shows in my order	I have a concern with one my orders
1	i need to talk to human being please	i need a real human
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	How can I delete TradeManager from my desktop?
0	can you ck only order?	Can you help to track my order?
0	how to edit profile	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
0	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	My order keeps getting cancelled and I am not getting my money back
0	Did you receive my order back yet?	I did not receive my order
0	I want to order many items but my account is under appeal	I want to buy many items in one order. What about the shipment?
0	how to respond on the escalated dispute	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
0	click here ,where?	Type your question here
0	Can not you talk to me?	Hope can talk with you again tomorrow.
1	pay as one	How do I pay all the orders by one time?
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	My order not accept for 404 problem
1	I cannot see western union option on mac checkout page	I could not find the western union payment option
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	the wedding gown i bought was too big for the bride, despite the fact that i put the size to follow	I have a very big problems
0	Every time I try to pay the order that I have placed, I get an error saying that for "security reasons" the payment could not be executed. How can this be solved?	how can i print an invoice for order placed
0	Yes I brought a wig and what i wanted they done have	I have done this it did not help
1	cash on delivery is available	Do you offer cash on delivery service?
1	How to change my contact details	How can I change my contact name?
0	I am constantly trying to contact the seller and he did not respond I need a product invoice to send to customs	I am unable to respond to an email sent from my seller?
1	place an order?	How do I place order?
0	how to find an order number	How can I find a product ID number?
0	Hi, I have a problem with my payment.	i have problem with my shipping problem
0	Yes I brought a wig and what i wanted they done have	i have done that
0	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	I have ordered an item
0	I want more wide walking shoes, width to be E, EE, EEE, EEEE	I want to know more on my claim
0	I want to verify if my order was processed	My status in this verify payment, and I would like to cancel the order
0	Who is the seller	Who is Lady Gaga?
0	Can I ever report abuse of card usage?	How to report feedback abuse?
0	no paypal account?	I paid in seller personal PayPal account
0	how do i use select coupon	I do not know how I can use my coupon
0	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	can orders be delivered to my country?
0	How long is my order arriving? Is it over? Will I have the refund?	If I cancel my order, can you tell me how long it will take for refund?
0	they suggested me to wait for a while for the conformation	Suppliers was suspended while I paid
0	how can I check order number	How can I know the tracking number of my order?
0	How can I collect my order in cart?	How do I collect my goods?
0	you didn't understand me	do you marry me?
1	i will ask another help	I ask you a question
1	it is not letting me sign in?	Why I fail to sign in?
0	ok I will explain briefly	ok no problem
0	19/5000 I just canceled	i have just made an order
1	The goods I purchased do not work. I have contacted the seller direct but am getting only emojis as replies. Cannot open a dispute.	I cannot manage to open dispute
1	hi, How to resume the dispute? i am travelled and dispute was closed	I accidentally closed the dispute
0	I can't open track order	I cannot open dispute for an order. What can I do?
1	order list pages	I cannot find it in my order list
0	I'm looking for bdsm jewelries	Hi! I'M Brazilian
0	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	Why my order is still pending Awaiting Shipment?
1	how to find reliable seller	tell me whether it is a reliable seller
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	I cannot put new address
0	I want to close a dispute	Can I reopen dispute after I close it?
0	can you please tell me when my orders will be delivered	can you tell me
1	change card information	How do I change my credit card number?
0	Iam doing singing in my account but it is not working	My product received is not working
0	Why I cannot send message to seller?	Why can't I get my seller discount?
1	I have not received any attention from the seller	I have not received any response from the suppliers, what should I do?
1	are u a live person	i want to speak to a live person
0	How to add video to the dispute?	How to add pictures to the dispute?
1	how do i set shipping address?	How do I fill in my shipping address?
0	recently due to this email is not received i was not able to contact the seller in time to increase the protection time	Seller response time has ended
0	Hi, I have a problem with my payment.	I have problem with my computer
0	how to paid order?	I paid for items and they are not in the order list.
0	no link here	That's my order link
0	how do I change password	How do I change the star?
0	i am not receiving purchase protection order email	Purchase Protection of Order. what is it about?
0	Can I access my mobile orders on my PC so I can print out my orders?	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
1	what is dispute	What happens to my dispute?
0	i have attached all documents	I want to cancel all my orders.
0	Where can you click?	Where can I see the recipient?
1	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	I have paid for my Order via credit card. but shows that I have not paid.
1	is the dispute for redemption does not work	I want to open a dispute but the page does not work
1	how to report the seller?	How can I report a fraud seller?
1	I sent my documents	I has sent all documents for credit card verification. What will happen?
1	how do I change password	I do not have a password
0	manage my shopping cart	Can you make my Shopping Cart larger?
0	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	I have just paid for an order but it is still showing as awaiting payment
1	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	I need cancel my order
0	the above question	I just ask a question
1	Can I call Customer service	I need to speak to customer service
0	How to set that no one can send message	Can not send a message
1	what all doing	how are you doing
0	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	how do I convert my size right?
1	ship back address	what address can I use to post it back?
0	which account the refund money	Please refund the money
0	How do I contact seller on app	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	My account has the problem	I received an email telling my account has been deactivated. What happens?
0	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	I need your help. I ordered an item
1	i cannot pay using bank transfer	Why I can not pay by Bank Transfer
0	what was that	What is Love"?"
0	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	if I buy some goods, how long is the shipping time?
1	do you speak spanish?	Do you speak
0	hi how u	hi i need to tell u something about my order
0	refund is stuck at processing	What is refund processing time?
0	from where are your products coming?	my purchases were send to a number different from my home.
1	remove my card details	I want to remove my card details
1	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	I want to know is anybody who can speak in
0	Good afternoon, please, I forgot my access password and I do not know the email and I made a purchase, how do I do it?	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	I wanna buy something product but I dont know how to pay money	i dont know how to finish my shopping
0	how to recover old account	How can I recover the deleted item in the shopping cart?
0	there is no link to click	That's my order link
0	for redemption says i'm out with the days	I'll try to figure it out
1	I cannot see order in my car	I did not see my order. Where is it?
1	can I speak to a human being?	I'd like to speak with a human
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	How can I edit my profile?
0	can u trace for me right now	i need to speak to someone right now regarding my money
0	Hello! I have a question about a delivery.	I have a question about a dispute
0	how I pay money?	How do I return money?
1	can you answer my question?	Did you answer my question?
0	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	I have ordered an item
0	How to put credit card in account	How to pay with credit card?
0	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	I already contacted you last time
1	Unable to upload image in the dispute	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	I want a job at a company	I will never order from this company again
0	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	I am very upset
0	HI,I MAKE A ORDER AND I CAN'T TO PAY ,ALWAYS I HAVE THE SAME MASSAGE	can i have a two accounts with same email
0	hello. how i can ask the seller for the bill for my company	How can I put all products in cart to have one bill to pay?
0	how to block messages	how do i get messages?
0	but need to log in to check	Sorry, you are not authorized to log in this account.
1	My received was hold in the customs	My order is seized by customs
0	It has been almost half a year!	Why order has been cancelled?
1	Can u please help me	Could you please help me?
0	my Shipment cancelled	how to know whether my order is cancelled or not?
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	I already contacted you last time
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	To click where?	I click Buy Now but cannot process the order
0	This is over 30 days I guess. Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	How do I leave feedback for the seller?
0	It is the third time that I communicate by this means	talk to me
0	when i received the order it was twenty days wrong color	When do I received my order?
0	when my cancelled	When i will receive the money of the items cancelled?
0	and i know you have a large market base in nigeria	I would like to know if you accept PayPal
0	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	I changed my email. How can I update it on your site?
1	are a live person	are you a live person or a computer
0	i dont get my order yet	i dont know how to finish my shopping
1	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	Why order shows that it is closed, but there is no explanation?
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	Why I can not use my credit card?
0	The tracking number doesn't update	Give us tracking number
0	How to exchange points to coupon?	How do I exchange for another color?
1	seller don't answer me	The seller is not answer me
0	I dont see my question and Im just trying to make a order but your website is not responding	I am trying to make my payment on my credit card
0	I have new email	Do you have any email?
1	how to return item	I need to return an item
0	when I am not log in to my account, i can view the info page	I would like to change my account info
0	I ordered a necklace 52 days ago but But it still did not come to me	I sent money 3 days ago and the status do not changed
0	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	How do I leave feedback?
0	I can`t see my order	How can I see the feedback for my order?
1	why feedback not display	Why my feedback has not been displayed?
0	should i take the package by myself?	how can i protect myself from scammer
0	how to check membership level?	how to check the order?
0	How to delete an order in shopping cart	How do I add to the shopping cart?
1	how to leave feedback to the seller	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	saying i didn't communicate	I notice my order is saying waiting for acceptance what do they mean
1	I have problem with you guys	i have a problem with the order
0	one package for the order	The minimum order is one lot, but I only need one piece
1	now i forget my password	I lost my password
0	I have made many orders with other suppliers and they have all been very serious in their work	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
0	I need to open a dispute	I need open dispute but do not have the option
0	how to confirm delivery	I accidentally pushed confirm delivery but I did not received my order.
0	So how can I do that	I want to return money. I can not wait so long.
1	I have questions about details of a product	I want to know the product details
1	no paypal account?	Why there is no PayPal payment anymore?
0	how to recover old account	how to remove old orders on my page?
0	marked order by mistake as received	The order was paid but then there was suspect Order
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	I have changed my card number
0	when I can leave feedback?	Why I cannot leave feedback for my order?
0	i do not agree with dispute result	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	I've ordered something and tomorrow it's been 3 weeks and he's still not help me	can you help me with something
0	and i am out of time	I can not check out
0	what is confirm goods received	The goods received are fake
0	cannot contact seller	Why can't I get my seller discount?
0	how to change card details	How do I revise my dispute details?
0	The product came but I can not transfer the money to the seller	Can I use bank account to transfer money?
0	How to change my contact details	How can I find the details for my order?
1	Return address needed	What is your return address?
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	I want a full refund but seller will not agree
0	i cannot see my order	Why I cannot see my feedback?
1	exchange coins to coupons	How do I use the coins?
0	how to block a seller	How do I talk to the seller?
0	password retrieval process	What is the process for reporting copyright infringement?
1	I have no pay without paypal	Is there a different way to pay an order without using a credit card?
1	I want the helpline line or customer care no	I want to email customer service center
1	Why rewards points are going down?	Why my rewarded points are not added?
1	will all item be shipped together	I wonder if my products will be shipped together.
0	i am very upset	I have a very big problems
0	How to I pass a appeal	how can i update?
0	I only paid the same order twice	What can I do if I commanded twice for the same product?
0	Is it true that I have to cancel the dispute before they can process a refund?	What happens on my dispute as I still do not have refund
0	how to link my card?	there is no link in my email to verify it. what should i do
0	i want to cancel my credit card	I want refund to my credit card
1	what is order number	What is your number
0	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	I have ordered an item
0	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	How long will the seller process my order?
0	It never get frozen it goes to pay and it is paid instantly	I just want to place the order for one item instantly
0	how do i search for seller	How do I set the search keyword to locate the products I want?
1	HELLO SIR MY QUESTION	please read my question
0	I bought a product that was sent by China Post Registered Air Mail and the 20 days does not receive update how do I contact the service?	I paid to deliver goods by Fedex but they have sent goods to China post
0	I asked many times the seller but he/she is always saying it will be here in week or two	I send a lot of messages to seller but always no response!
1	How do i add evidence	How to add video as my evidence?
0	How to upload MP4 in dispute	How to add pictures to the dispute?
1	how to edit dispute?	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	How do I pay for items?
0	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	I want my sellers email address
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	I want to call you
0	what the fuck you talking about	i want to fuck you
0	i am not receiving purchase protection order email	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	Why am I expected to pay return shipping costs if it has been determined that the seller sent me the wrong items?	the seller sent me wrong size
0	its telling your account is suspended	supplier is suspended
0	urge seller to ship the ite,	do they ship to
0	Hello! Is it posible to see what rewiews sellers have given about me? Where can I find the rewiews?	Where can I see the recipient?
0	dispute time is over	How much time to wait for resolution of the dispute?
0	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	Has payment for this order been received?
0	done all of that	Not helping at all
0	fast shipping method	What is Fast-Track Claims?
1	Why nobody can help?	is there somebody can help me
0	after open dispute	It is impossible to open dispute.
0	I placed an order the order was not shipped I paid for the order and shipping fee I was only refunded my order fee only and shipping fee was not refunded why?	I cancelled an order but the money was not refunded to me
0	I have a projector that I bought and came with a defect I tried to open a dispute and the website suggested that I negotiate with the store, I tried to negotiate, the store promised to send another projector, I did my part I resent and I did not receive th	I tried to open dispute for an order cannot submit
0	how do i search for seller	How do I use the Advanced Search?
0	when I pay for an order I cannot save my card details as I've forgotten my password or pass number	When can I pay my order by Visa debit card
0	I want to buy the cards in my shopping cart. How can I get you to print my instructions on them please?	Can you make my Shopping Cart larger?
1	I have pay with the bank	I want to pay through a bank
0	I dont see my question and Im just trying to make a order but your website is not responding	Can I sell on your website?
0	where is the appeal button?	The Open Dispute button is inactive.
0	I am a victim of a scam	Is this website a scam?
0	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	I do not want to pay for customs duties
0	I can not make an order	Can I make several wish lists?
0	wanting place an order but i cannot	I cannot place my order from Washington.
1	ok, thank you. I ordered this sunday. Means I have at least one month to see what will happen. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day and best wishes from Turkey	Thank you for your
0	i receive a email says i did not pay, but i have paid and i have the confirmation	I just placed an order but did not receive a confirmation
1	seller have other behavior	I have complains about a seller
0	Hi there, I'm trying to view a product I ordered but I don't have access	I don't know
1	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	Can you give me telephone number of customer service?
0	how to remove credit card?	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	i need help to login	i need help with a transaction
0	Remove card information	remove from mailing list
0	The shipment of my product has been cancelled. Can't contact the seller	the product has been returned to the seller. When can I get my money
1	how do I cancel account	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
1	do u have a phone number	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call
1	The seller refuses to refund or resend	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
0	I need help to register my account.	I need some help with my account
0	I can't find the iDeal icon in my payment options	Is something wrong with your payment options?
0	The seller refuses to refund or resend	The seller refuses to send goods
0	i can't open the dispute because i have a message telling me that i have to wait for the seller to send the package but the seller told me to open the dispute because the package was stopped by customs	Seller stopped to respond me after I send the goods back
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	I would like to change my account info
1	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	I made a dispute one month ago but it is still in processing. What can I do?
0	I submitted the appeal and it was disputed successfully	An account already exists with the E-mail you submitted
0	need to have a developer account via API	it keeps saying i have no account
0	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	I placed my order and the seller asked to cancel.
1	i cant log in. i created my purchase with the wrong email address.	The email address that I registered with the site is wrong.
0	no that is not what im asking	im going to kill you
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	I cannot find my orders that were placed.
0	dispute is finished but the tea bags still haven't arrived	Why my dispute has not finished?
0	how to deactivate my account?	How do I protect my account?
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	I want to shipped order all at once	How can I pay all of my orders at once?
0	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	I need size help
0	can you see my question?	are you slow you are not answering my question
0	Hello, I cancelled my order. How long does it take to get my money back?	How long does it take your dispute center to return my money?
1	how many items I add in my wish list	How many items can be in my Wish List?
0	how to add item to your wish list	How can I move wish item list to my cart?
0	turn me back to operator	I need an operator who speaks in Russian
1	do you speak spanish?	do you speak english?
0	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	you dont answer my questions
0	what is coins	I do not have my coins
0	how to confirm order	I can not find the button Confirm Order Received"
0	I want clear out one of my account, name is "je"	I want to find out the status of my mediation
0	how to use select coupons	How do I use my coupons?
0	I am a seller	I am looking for a seller I ordered before. Can you help me?
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	I am having some troubles with my last order
0	Specific country warranty	I want to select specific color for my order
1	add video evidence	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	my order was 120 plus total	the order is a gift for my daughter
0	please to meet you too	Could you help me please
0	Unable to open an account	Someone used my email address to open an account
0	how to stop receiving messages from seller	How can I extend the period of receiving the shipment?
0	how can I cancel the order	how can i unfreeze an order
0	How to reset your password	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
0	this my order number	How can I find my order number?
0	How to check my wishlist	How do I check my claim?
0	that didn't work	My product does not work
0	how do I undo the dispute so that they get paid?	I have filled a Dispute Form, how do I get my refund
1	i need to locate a store	How can I locate a specific store?
1	will all item be shipped together	Are he order items shipped separately or together?
0	save card information	I need some information
0	could you help me and could you open dispute?	could help me whether or not
0	Need my order traced. Your website is very difficult to navigate. It just says "order finished"	Why my order status says awaiting your payment?
0	i still have not received my order	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	I'll talk to you later then	Can any of you talk to in Arabic
0	How can I get express shipping on my order	How can I get same day shipping?
1	are you bot	you are a bot? or a human?
0	because we travail from KSA to Egypt in this date please	please remove me from this email list
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	How to find the product I want?
1	why feedback not display	Why the feedback left is not displaying on the sellers feedback page?
0	Is it true that I have to cancel the dispute before they can process a refund?	I cancel a dispute, can I reopen dispute?
0	What I cannot get coupons when I exchange coins?	What can I do with the coins?
0	How to change shipping address	How do I change the shipping address?
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	What happens on my dispute as I still do not have refund
0	so i waited for 2weeks	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	I placed an order and items received were not as described
0	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	The payment has been deducted from my account more than once.
1	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	Why I cannot find the order in my account?
1	don't you understand me??	You won't answer me.
0	I cannot upload video	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
1	How can I change feedback	How do I change feedback stars?
0	I do not want partial refund, I want full refund	i want the refund for this product!
0	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	Can I open a finished dispute
0	email us button	what is a US size compared to a uk size
0	alright. Moving goods within the EU does not have to pay taxes if the seller has already paid taxes.	I do not want to pay taxes
0	I dont understand	I do not really understand English is it possible to Russian
1	No "start chatting"	start chatting not highlighted
0	how do I get the order number	How do I get invoice?
1	hello this is my first time here.	This is the first time I order from you
1	Why is my order cancelled?	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
1	I want to talk to a man.	I can talk with a man?
1	is this a fucking computer?	are you a computer
0	I can`t enter my credit card	Why I can not use my credit card?
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	I need cancel my order
0	Can I ever report abuse of card usage?	I want to report seller
1	I want change to my contact name	How can I change my name?
1	I need your help...	I need your help
0	Need some live help please?	i need some help with a order
0	I have speak with one of your colleagues and they told me that they will see	I have opened dispute one month ago and I am still waiting for your response.
0	What I should do?	i only have a debit card what should i do
0	how can I check order number	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	what is rewards points	What is Available Points?
0	also I can't open other pages with such goods	Can I get the email address of other buyer?
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	Do I need to send the product back for refund?
0	i dont get my order yet	Why have not I get a refund yet?
0	I not satisfied with the dispute	I won a dispute
0	i am following up my case	I just broke up with my boy friend.
0	i just want my fucking password	I just ordered something but I want to change the name for the receiver
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	I have opened dispute but there is no help
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	why my order was frozen
0	where I can see my coupon page?	I want to see where my items
0	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	Can I get my order faster?
0	I want to buy this machine and have it delivered to germany	I want to buy in bulk
0	how to receive refund through Boleto?	How long can you receive my payment through TT?
0	please someone who knows spanish l find it hard to write and translate and then translate what he writes to me	Please tell me what my dispute status is.
0	add video evidence	How long is the examination of the evidence of the dispute?
0	is there any extra charges for refund	Is there any extra cost other than the product price?
0	when I pay for an order I cannot save my card details as I've forgotten my password or pass number	I cannot pay for my order using my debit card
1	how to open dispute for completed orders	how do i dispute a completed item?
0	i need to locate a store	How do I set the search keyword to locate the products I want?
0	i just have a question	i have just made an order
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	i do not want my order to be sent on my address, i want pick up
0	I want to pay but i do not want to pass my card i guess i did not buy longer, i tried to re-enter the data card's visa and scream until 07/19 and it was not over again	I cannot pay my order with visa card.
0	i receive a email says i did not pay, but i have paid and i have the confirmation	I have just joined and have not received my confirmation email.
0	someone used my account	someone stole my pictures
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	Can i use my prepaid master debit card?
1	about my order	I want to know something about my order
0	From this store, How to find the product ship from USA	How I can get a bill from the purchased product?
0	I CANNOT BUY FROM CART	Why I cannot add item to Shopping Cart?
0	Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Sorry, your account has been flagged for some reasons and you are unable to participate in this promotion.
0	how do i change my number?	How do I change the email on my account?
0	please help already 20 days is done but payment not get	Why the parcel is not traced for more than 20 days?
1	HELLO SIR MY QUESTION	Did you receive my question?
0	I would like to get in touch with responsible for marketing in sweden...	I would like to place an order.
0	change the reason of dispute	Why the order was closed for security reason?
1	i did not receive the products	I did not receive my package
0	At what time should I contact you to receive help?	what should i do?
0	search for product	How do I search by product code?
1	how to upload evidence on dispute	I cannot upload the attachment
0	Hello, how can I invite friend	hello my friend
0	My product did not come. the time is over.	Buy a product and have not come to my country
0	and you hate the eva	can I call u?
0	I'll turn off the computer and try it again tomorrow. I think it's your problem. The other internet is not a problem at all....	Why I got error of internet connection problem?
0	What happen to you	What will happen after I open dispute?
0	I'm interested in a kind of Minnie sheet	I am interested to be reseller
1	How do i upload photo in dispute?	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	this is english...	Your English is good.
0	what card I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me error	It generates an error 404
0	after making the payment, the cart is empty, but the transaction did not complete	Can you tell me if there is any processing fee while making the transaction
0	I have 7 orders which I have not received. They have all passed their open dispute dates	I have not received my orders so I escalated it and it is been forever.
0	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	How many days will I receive my money if cancel order
0	How to add a card to my account	How to add video in my dispute?
0	Iam doing singing in my account but it is not working	how are you doing
0	how can I open dispute	When can I open dispute?
0	ORDER MESSAGE AND SELLER MESSAGE?	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
0	Hey Seller I talked with my bank, about the cancelling order I made by an mistake, they told me that you guys have to write an email to them with the details about the order and the amount so that the can free the money earlier so I can make a new order fa	Do you have a phone number so i can place my order?
0	change card information	How can I change the card on file to make payment?
0	would prefer to call	I am new to this and have a few questions that i prefer to speak to
0	this isn't helping	I don't know
0	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	do you have money?
0	how reward points will be added	I shared with friends but why not give points?
1	is there a phone number i may call?	Is there a phone number to call to speak with an agent?
0	I have a question about the plugins to display products on my website	I have a question about my coupons
0	I have no pay without paypal	Will I have to pay tax
0	how do I cancel dispute	how to cancel accepted dispute
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	My order number was canceled. I want to know why.
0	hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a random page?	I have question for you
1	I want to call	i like to call
0	I am not able to use my coupon, when I will finalize a purchase my coupon does not appear	I want to use a coupon to pay my order
0	how can I repot a fraud seller	How can I contact seller?
1	Can I talk to someone without being a machine?	I need a number to call to talk to someone
0	hi i want to know refund status	I want to know my order status.
0	I want to buy this machine and have it delivered to germany	I want to buy 4 items in one transaction
0	no, you need cancel my email for me to buy again	The Email Address or Member ID that you entered is incorrect. Please try again.
1	Why are the answers automatically? I do not want to talk to the vendor.	i want to talk to someone
0	Unable to sign for an account	How do I sign in my account?
0	what is a buyer protection?	What is Buyer Protection deadline?
0	I placed an order the order was not shipped I paid for the order and shipping fee I was only refunded my order fee only and shipping fee was not refunded why?	I paid for an order but then it was cancelled. Seller has not refunded money.
0	Hello, I'd like to join your affiliate program and I'd like to use my YouTube channel. Can I use my YouTube channel link for the website	I can not use my coupons
1	the seller changed the shipping method?	seller changed courier
1	connect me to a customer service agent	please tell me your Customer Service email address
1	How to delete order?	how to delete off your order
0	its there in Line haul from a long time	How long is the shipping time?
1	##I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them	I want to know the contact detail of a seller.
1	Return address needed	I have to return my order but I need the return address
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	My order has been closed for security reason. What can I do?
0	HI see my message i sent you a minute ago	Why i cannot see the messages sent by the supplier
0	Are you married?	are you busy?
1	I want to talk with human	I want to talk with an agent
1	How can i contact a customer support via app?	How can i contact a customer support in person via phone?
0	i did not forgot my password. i just want to change it frequently.	I just placed an order but did not receive a confirmation
0	please trace and i wanted a refund	i wanted t discuss my order
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	Can I have a reduction on the product I want to buy
0	I can`t enter my credit card	can i use a credit card
1	hello my mastercard isn't accepted although i have 3d secure...	My card is not accepted, what I can do?
0	I have registered with an incorrect email address	When I registered on your site?
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	I want to search the product
0	Forgot login how to restore?	It does not let me login
0	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	Could i have contact no.
0	How to I pass a appeal	HOW CAN I DO THAT?
0	I cannot sign into my accounts. I have two accounts with you and both are blocked	can i have a two accounts with same email
0	please help already 20 days is done but payment not get	I have done this it did not help
0	i am not able see dispute history	am i able to use debit cards?
0	I haven't received some ring sizers i ordered.	I need some information
1	are u a live person	Can I speak with a live person?
1	I want to speak in Portuguese	i need to speak portuguese
0	may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	What can I do if the parcel is returned?
0	How can I add paypal	How many items I can add to Shopping Cart?
0	I had received the order, I dont need refund.	I had a problem with your order
0	I filed a dispute a few days ago and the seller concluded the dispute with a refund because I had not received the item within 60 days	I opened dispute and had no feedback from seller.
1	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	how much I need to pay for Customs duties or taxes
0	Thanks for your feedback	thanks not helpful
1	where is the "here?"	Where is the link
0	I am still not able to pay my orders	I am not able to open my Shopping Cart
1	how canon i print the invoice.	how can i print the invoice for my order
0	nooo I want to buy 100 and have no shipping seller is willing to adjust price but your system does not allowed	I want to cancel the order but the seller does not respond.
0	how to check if seller is reliable.	How to check saved stores?
1	Can I speak in Italian?	How can i contact you in italiano?
1	how to edit shipping address	How do I change the shipping address?
0	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	I want to know more about product specifications.
0	I wanted to buy something and in the payment options, only creditcard is available	When I order something, can I only order 1 quantity?
1	so please you can help me	can you help me with
0	I need my refund	I need change my feedback.
1	yes, havea problem	have a problem
1	i want to speak to a real person	i want to chat with a real person
0	Specific country warranty	cannot find my country in shipping country
0	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	Why does my order keep getting closed after payment?
0	Can you guys ship out the items with 1 day shipping?	Can I call you guys
0	I was charged for an item I thought I purchased but never received it and can't find a trace of in on my orders	i cant speak english
0	What is select coupon	My coupon is expired, what can I do?
0	how to cancel your account	how to cancel a claim?
0	refund and return	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
0	Hi Eva! I need to delete my old credit card and register my new credit card	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	When will you verify my credit card?
0	how to cancel an account?	how to cancel a claim?
0	after received item I found out it is not working	When can I receive my package after the product is sent out?
1	could you help me and could you open dispute?	Could you help me to open a dispute?
0	for my phone	How do I change my phone number?
0	I need ask give number	I need my number of tracking
0	Is it true that I have to cancel the dispute before they can process a refund?	I have not received the refund after dispute closed.
0	trouble logging in	I am having trouble paying with my credit card
1	how to change card details	I need to change my credit card details.
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	I sent money 3 days ago and the status do not changed
0	hi, i got an email that my order has been cancelled, but i already paid for it	I have returned my order but the order has already been completed.
0	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	My order was closed since the supplier account has been disabled
0	The shipment did not arrive	I want to know when will my product arrive
1	How do I get coupon	How do I get a coupon for a discount of $25?
1	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	can someone else help me?
1	EVA I WANT TO TALK TO HUMAN	can I talk with a human?
0	did you understand my problem? yes or no	how can you understand me
1	i want coupon	I want a coupon
0	19/5000 I just canceled	I just placed an order but did not receive a confirmation
1	how do i add shipping address?	How can I add my shipping address?
0	Closed dispute in favor of the store	Why dispute is closed?
0	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	I received the product and money back
0	hi, how can I add photos?	How do I get photos without store number?
0	Hi i want to ask where my sneakers are, thank you	i want to thank you for getting my money back
0	When do help is coming	When do you receive western union payment?
0	wrong email address	How can I change the wrong shipping address?
0	i do not Understand EVA what you mean.	Eva did you understand my question
0	coins has not added	Will coins return when cancel preorder?
0	How do i add evidence?	How do I add a favorite store?
1	hi, i got an email that my order has been cancelled, but i already paid for it	Why order has been cancelled?
0	did you understand my problem? yes or no	do you understand Chinese
0	my order isn't being processed	My order is Your Payment is Being Verified""
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please	i have cancelled the order and it shows Awaiting Cancellation
0	sorry My credit card data	I want my refund to another credit card
0	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	How does bank transfer work on your site?
0	Registration email is not working	cancel the registration
1	what is your phone number	what is your customer service phone number
1	I have gone through what you have suggested and it has not helped. I need to have my account either deleted or my password for the email and user name reset. Please put your boss on.	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	how to place order	Why there is no place order button?
0	hello i have another issue	I want to learn coupon issue.
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to have one transaction for 3 items, not separately.
0	I haven't received some ring sizers i ordered.	i need some help
0	Ich use invoices.	How to use promotion code?
0	this is my order ID	Is possible to change my name ID?
1	How to edit my phone number	How do I change my phone number?
0	This chat REALLY SUCKS.	chat with a people
0	i wanna know about ma order	I wanna know the status of my case
1	Why my package is blocking the original country?	Why no further tracking information of my package?
0	i cant find the ideal icon?	you cant help me
0	where is the coupon page?	Where to get the coupon code when ordering?
0	annot find a way to submit my proof of credit card info and my identification, every link is a blank page, I am overwhelmed with the feed back process that every store requires? I would be more than happy to submit my information so order verification team	I just received my order and I am not happy with it.
0	i still have not received my order	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	I am waiting for payment verification?	Why am I waiting the other party's response?
1	i have not recieved my money	I have no money back for the order
0	Good morning, Eva. It is possible to verify a request made by me because DHL did not identify my purchase by the tracking code.	Why did I fail to verify my email address?
1	would prefer to call	i like to call
0	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	how can I solve the problem with these orders
0	What are you doing	what is you number
0	I am trying to update my expiry date on credit card and it wont accept it	I am using a debit card. There is no expiry date
0	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	Why my wish list is empty?
1	how to pay via western union	How should Western Union pay?
0	I am trying to buy an item with a $50 store promo coupon but when i go to pay it says i do not have any coupons although i clicked on the coupon mutiple time	Is there any way I can get a coupon?
1	how do I cancel dispute?	How do I cancel a dispute?
1	can i talk to a customer service team	Can customer service call me
0	Hope you can understand. Looking forward to hearing from you to confirm, thank you in advance. Best regards.	I hope you can help me
0	you didn't understand me	Do you miss me?
0	how can I know what type of seeds I have received. There is only a bag of seeds in the parcel. Nothing more. I have three bags now	I now have a dispute, what can I do?
1	why my order was cancelled?	Why my payment got cancelled?
0	returning a defective item	I received a defective product
0	having trouble logging in	I am having trouble paying with my credit card
0	i have some question. so tell me your email address	I have some suggestions for you.
0	i email the seller already	I am unable to change my email address. It says it is already in use.
1	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	How do I provide evidence to support my claim?
0	i still have not received my order	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	I got a question on order
0	I want to send an email	Please give me your e-mail support for your site
0	how do I get the order number	How do I get photos without store number?
1	Could you please connect me with a real person?	Could you please call
0	How to pay using Boleto	How can i pay for my goods using my coupons?
1	can't leave feedback	I cannot leave feedback.
0	Unable to upload image in the dispute	I am unable to open a dispute
0	i have to send back the item back to china	I have no money back for the order
0	to ask someone for my order	I need to talk to someone will not take my password
0	Yes product same seller same item	I made two orders of the same item
0	dispute time is over	It takes too much time for dispute.
1	how many time take for delivery?	In how many days can I expect my delivery
0	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	can you tell me how i can check the order status?
0	why are you not answering corret: go to hell	Why my purchase did not go through?
0	Its the 5 time I contact my order is not coming	I cannot write into the box to contact my supplier
0	Read all messages related to my order then solve my problem	how do i read messages
1	Return address needed	I need a return address
0	I am so angry	I am so stupid.
1	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	Can I speak with an agent please?
1	Iam seeing no where to contact customer service	I need contact the customer service
0	my price forward	Supplier change the order price without my permission
1	I need a real person, please	can i talk to a real person?
0	How to leave feedback in seller store	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	i want to find suppliers by country	Why I cannot find China in the country list?
0	I already gave it but it says accept it but I did not receive my refund since I accept a refund without return of merchandise	Do I pay before or after I receive my merchandise?
0	i need help to login	I need help on something
1	how do I change shipping address	I want to change shipping address
0	My forms and documents are not going	When am I going to get my order?
1	how to deactivate my account?	how to cancel my account
1	return shipping address of the seller	I wanna return the items to the seller
0	how can I know what type of seeds I have received. There is only a bag of seeds in the parcel. Nothing more. I have three bags now	I have to pay more
0	why seller extend the delivery period	Why payment was taken before delivery?
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
1	how to upload evidence on dispute	I cannot upload attachment.
0	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	my orders got a finished" message but they have not arrived yet."
0	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	I can no longer access my account
0	i did all of it	I paid all my orders but sellers told me that I did not paid.
1	How to add video to the dispute?	How to add video in my dispute?
0	really so I have to stay online for yet another half hour?	I have not yet received the item but the confirmation time out.
0	10 days are over	If my order is lower than 10$ i would pay for shipping?
0	but i already paid for it	I was told that I was sent an email but I do not know where it is
1	I produced the video of the second faulty flashlight	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	Why have I been billed twice?
0	I am asking how to combine orders for payment if the order is still in my cart	How do I combine orders in shipping?
0	how to pay via western union	How do I receive a refund via Western Union
1	i need online chat	i want to talk to a human online
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	Why I paid for the product and the order was canceled?
0	I had a dispute	I had escalated dispute but until now there is no update.
0	Why did my payment go through after canceling my order?	Why the order does not go through?
0	need your urgent assistance	Your not really giving me the information that I need
0	the chat button does not work	I click open dispute button but it does not work
0	What is sellers coupon	What can I do for coupon issue?
1	I did not get the goods as described. Of course, I want to upload photos, of course, but it is not possible. I tried a video, but I can not upload it too	I cannot upload attachment.
0	i need helper	I need invoice
1	ok, thank you. I ordered this sunday. Means I have at least one month to see what will happen. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day and best wishes from Turkey	Thank you for your help.
1	please initiate chat	Please put me to live chat
0	i do not have a question relating to the above mentioned question.	I have a question on refund.
0	Eva, I have not received shipping and tracking info on my order. I also have messaged the seller 2 times within the last few days and have not received a reply.	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
0	i'm having a problem with appeal	I am having a problem with payment
0	how to stop seller messages	how do i read messages
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	How can I pay for my order?
0	Did you receive my order back yet?	Why is my order not here yet
0	when I want to pay, an old discarded card comes up. I have to enter my new card number EVERY time, and it is annoying. How can I deleted the old discarded visa card	Can I pay with visa card?
0	I can not find Manage Feedback in the app	Where can I find my feedback from sellers?
0	My Order List	It will not save things to my wish list
0	Need you to confirm my credit card	Why you charged my credit card twice?
0	Why am I expected to pay return shipping costs if it has been determined that the seller sent me the wrong items?	The seller has not yet sent the goods to me. I want a refund.
0	how to use bank transfer?	How does bank transfer work on your site?
0	my query is regarding my order status	How long will my order status frozen?
1	I Am waiting for my refund	I am still waiting for my refund
0	setting up shipping address	I want to change the shipping address
0	I made a purchase, send it to the wrong address, and it looks like it will return, how do I get my product	I want to return a product that I did not like
0	but there is no email address to send?	I sent a query but no response
0	Do i get a shipping discount if it's a large order?	I have purchase items. How do I get discount coupon?
0	i ordered a phone. its broken	I have ordered an item
0	I cant open dispute because order has delivered	I cannot open dispute for order in Awaiting Delivery.
1	hello some can help me	can u help me?
1	this is stupid	You are so stupid
0	Can I access my mobile orders on my PC so I can print out my orders?	Can I pay for my orders in combination?
0	I opened an order and the product ran out	My seller has sent out the product. I want to cancel the order
0	how to use coupons	How do I add coupons to my order?
0	package description should not be mentioned	package is shipped to wrong address
0	ok but I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	What happens if a item is sold out
0	i cant pay for my item	In my question cant get an answer.
0	how to get the order number?	how fast i can get my order.
0	How do I delete feedback	How do I delete coupon?
0	can i buy from Iran	Can I register and buy as firm?
0	how can i change my credit card details	How can I change my shipping address?
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	Why I cannot purchase using my credit card?
0	this is my pleasure	My seller will not cancel my order.
0	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	Sorry, your account has been flagged for some reasons and you are unable to participate in this promotion.
1	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	Why it shows Your order has been closed?
0	But he does not respond	Buyer does not respond
0	once again i will try, it can work my visa gift card	You can send the goods once again when I already paid?
1	unable to set the shipping address	Why my shipping address is not accepted?
0	I have to many problems with your buyers	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
0	extend buyer protection.	Escrow Buyer Protection
0	i am a little afraid my order has gotten lost. it has been 20 days and has not left china?	I have returned my order but the order has already been completed.
1	Need return address for two pair of tennis shoes or exchange for one size larger	I have to return my order but I need the return address
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	I want to return damaged goods
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
0	can't view order	i cannot view the size chart
0	order list pages	How do I delete My order list?
0	it's been 32 days i dont see any update on my order	I cannot see the pictures for days.
0	in my refund status there is not showing s 'Dispute	it's about my order
0	hello, I was issued a refund for an item not received and now it has been delivered. What can I do to pay?	If my product has been detained by the Customs as fake product, what can I do
1	how canon i print the invoice.	how i print a invoice
1	how do i set shipping address?	How do I set my shipping address?
1	read my question before answer pls	please read my question
0	Hello, can you attend me in portuguese?	you can not help me
0	how contact the seller	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
0	How do I apply the Warranty Service?	how do i contact service team
0	how do I place order	I cannot place an order.
0	i have attached all documents	do you all have an phone number
0	dont want to received email from message center	I want to email customer service center
1	the seller just said that need to wait some days.	Wait for my refund and the seller never responded
0	How can i get the nacional tracking code for my product?	The tracking code is incorrect so I cannot know where my order is.
0	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	I had an argument for this order. when I refund?
0	I ordered a necklace 52 days ago but But it still did not come to me	I accidently clicked item received but it did not come to me yet.
0	I have new email	Can I have an email address
1	you are a computer?	are you a person or a computer?
0	Who will bear the shipping cost?	Who are the suppliers that can provide drop shipping?
0	If your order shows 'order cancel',	Why my order shows Payment Processing?
0	its already an half of year	i already paid
0	how do i appeal my payment?	How do I combine payment?
0	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	i ordered product
1	Yes, but she does not respond so quickly, you can not watch help me please please	Please ， help me Urgently
0	I have contacted them, but they tell me to wait a while for them to arrive. But that's not the problem. It has arrived, but defective; And they just tell me to wait for me to arrive	Can I tell them ship it by DHL or any company else or I have no option to choose?
0	How do I know my product from the delivery date?	I want to change the card data
1	how to reset my password	How can I reset my password?
1	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I am waiting for refund of one product
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	where can I see what I paid for?
0	how to respond on the escalated dispute	What will happen after I escalated dispute?
0	I did not receive the refund	I did not receive my package
0	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	i have a problem with the order
1	how to exchange app coins	How to change my coins for coupon?
1	i cannot log into my account!!	I cannot log in
0	How to cancel product?	How to cancel preorder?
1	I want to speak with the worker	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	i want to find suppliers by country	I want to find a store
0	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	trying to cancel an order that I paid by credit card but there is no option
1	connect me to a customer service agent	May I speak with a customer service agent?
1	are a live person	Can I communicate with a live person
0	I need to access my mobile orders on my PC	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	I want to change shipping address
0	when I pay for an order I cannot save my card details as I've forgotten my password or pass number	I cannot pay my order with my card.
1	I can not upload videos or photos to the dispute	I cannot upload documents.
1	I want invoice	I need a invoice
0	turn off promotions	Do you get off on holidays?
0	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	my order has not been shipped
0	I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me an error when sending	Sign in error. Error code: 83.
0	Did not pay back	the company did not give me a refund even though I sent the product back.
0	Payment failed Reason: The service is currently unavailable. Suggestion: You may choose another card or payment method to continue your payment.	another payment method
0	How can I do?	How can I buy goods if I do not have visa card?
0	how do I report a fraud seller	How do I report counterfeit products?
0	how do I place order	How do I cancel my order?
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	He has sent me really nasty emails
0	Track your refund progress	How do I check the progress of a shipment?
1	can I speak with someone?	i want to speak to someone
0	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	I want to return the item
0	have sent an email with my passport and credit card photos	My credit card is overcharged
0	dispute is finished but the tea bags still haven't arrived	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
1	Hi, I need help	I need help man.
0	:) I write in English	Do I need to write the address in English?
1	how do I place order	I want to place an order.
0	I bought a product that was sent by China Post Registered Air Mail and the 20 days does not receive update how do I contact the service?	The product I bought it does not work
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	I made mistake on seller ratings. What can I do?
0	I check my bank and my money is not refund yet	i pay my order but not processed yet
1	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I am still waiting for my refund
0	I wanna buy something product but very difficult, how to pay money	i wanna ask you something
1	i am unable to place my order	I am trying to place an order
0	What is sellers coupon	I want to use this coupon, what is the code?
1	Track your refund progress	this request is on the progress, when will the refund be done?
0	i did not forget pass code	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
0	hi there, please can you tell me when my orders will be delivered?	can you tell me
1	How can I contact customer service	How can I contact customer support?
0	save card information	How can I save sellers?
0	I just want to know if my order has been sent	My purchase has been canceled and I want a refund
0	my order was 120 plus total	my Order NO
0	I am trying to submit a return and the submit button is not working!	What if I do not want to submit my statements for verification?
0	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	I talked to the supplier but they keep ignoring me and not replying
0	Bank Konto BLZ	Bank declined operation
0	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	I already paid for my order, why does the order still say Awaiting Payment?
0	What I should do?	What should I do if I do not get the verification link?
0	Im not happy about dispute results	I have a question about a dispute
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	When can I open a dispute?
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	You do not understand me
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	I need cancel an order but the seller still not cancel.
0	hi i still haven't received any of my orders	hi i need to tell u something about my order
0	how to re open a dispute	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
0	I opened an order and the product ran out	What can I do if the product is out of stock?
0	unable to set the shipping address	my courier change the shipping address
0	how to block to block the seller	How do I contact seller?
0	I dont understand	you dont get what i say to you
0	I can't open dispute. Time is over	Can I open a finished dispute
0	I have a problem since one day ago	I have login problem
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	I have a coupon, how do I use it in my new order?
0	Has it shipped?	What does The supplier has partially shipped your order" means?"
0	i want to get receipt	I want to cancel my order and get refund.
0	how to add items in cart	How do I remove items from Shopping Cart?
0	how many days i have to wait	I accidentally added too many days to the processing time how do I decrease it?
0	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	How fast I can get my order? I need it in 3 days
0	ship back address	I want to ship it back
0	there is no link to click	You can link to an online agent
0	Duplicate payments to solve	Someone help to solve my dispute
1	pay as one	I want to pay for all my items with one payment
0	you have other mode to pay. no card	pre pay card?
1	i need call with you	need to call
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	I want to return my goods.
1	you can't help me you are a computer	you cant help me
1	They sent me a defective product. Both products are not the same. I just demand the fee.	I received a defective product
1	i did not forget pass code	I forget my account password
0	i cancel the pre order	I need to cancel order but the seller refuse to cancel.
0	when I am not log in to my account, i can view the info page	When I receive email with my order i click on it but it say i can not view
0	l ordered from spain to spain now they send the order from china?	Are the items from this website only from China?
0	why I cannot use coupon	Why I cannot use PayPal?
1	these links are not working I need a service team	I need speak to customer service
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	I accept the seller solution by mistake
0	need to know how I will receive my full amount of my dispute, seller only want to give me $15,00	only need to find my purchase
1	how to confirm a order	How can I confirm the delivery?
1	i need to connect representative online	i need a live representative please
0	i am following up my case	what is my case number?
1	how to confirm order	How can I confirm the delivery?
0	The product has run out...	What if time is running out and the seller has not sent my order?
0	My product did not come. the time is over.	Why my order take a long time to come and I cannot track orders?
0	where is my items? I have not received my order yet	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	what card I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me error	After I click login it gives me an error message
1	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	how do I get a refund? I sent the product back.
0	i want coupon	I have a Coupon and I want to use it
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier does not respond, how to proceed?
0	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	I want my goods to be shipped to my agent in China
0	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	can i have your email
0	How to change shipping address	How do I change register email address?
0	shipping back fee	The shipping fee is too high for me
1	I want to complaint	I want to lodge a complaint that the seller cheated me
0	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
0	it is work, thanks	thanks not helpful
0	but there is no email address to send?	order sent to a wrong address
0	how to change coins to coupon	How to use register coupon?
1	I request dispute	I wonder about the request
0	what is the meaning of Cancelled Orders Finished	what is the meaning of Arrival at inward office of exchange
1	do you speak portuguese?	Do you speak portuguese?
1	How to see the warranty	Is there any warranty with the product?
0	No received email confirmed	Do not want any e-mail notification to inform
0	What is Easy Returns?	what to say
1	how to report	How do I report a seller?
1	once again i will try, it can work my visa gift card	Can I pay with a gift card?
0	who r u	are u there?
0	how to recover old account	How do I recover an order deleted by mistake?
0	THE SYSTEM SAID DELIVERY FAILED	The seller said no stock and ask me to cancel it
0	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	I was told that I was going to get a full refund but they only refunded me $10
0	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	Who is your boss?
0	Payment failed Reason: The service is currently unavailable. Suggestion: You may choose another card or payment method to continue your payment.	Why there is no Boleto payment method?
0	You don't understand that the buyer protection has ended and I was not refunded and I didn't get my order.	i didn't ask you that
0	I HAVE A PURCHASE ON YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE REGISTERING, AT THIS TIME THE ORDER IS BUGGED IN THE CUSTOMS AND DHL NEEDS THE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER.	Purchase Protection of Order. what is it about?
1	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	The delivery is not yet arrived
0	how to change payment method	Why is the payment method I want to use not available?
0	could you help?	could you answer me in English please?
0	Yes but the seller does not respond	What if the order does not come and the seller does not respond?
0	Forgive me, but how to take a screenshot?	How long will it take to refund to buyer?
0	order has been cancelled by credit card	I has sent all documents for credit card verification. What will happen?
0	please answer me	could you answer me in English please?
1	hi how u	how r u
0	how do i delete my account	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	I have already open a dispute but they refuse it	i can not open dispute because i do not have that option
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	How can I delete the products I have received from the list?
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	Which cards can I buy items?
0	dealer name Yvone Lee	What is your beneficiary name?
1	how do I place order	How do I place order?
1	how to complaint	How do I file complaint?
0	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	How do I pay with my credit card?
1	Hello, I just made an order but I was wrong in the delivery address, how can I change it?	How do I change the delivery address?
0	Hi, I didn't get my refund	When will I get my refund?
0	i don't have delete signed	Why you don't have holidays?
1	How to change shipping address	How do change my address?
1	and I need to cancel the dispute	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	how to delete items in wish list	How to add product to Wish List
0	How can I open a dispute	When can I open a dispute?
0	How can I get express shipping on my order	How can I get my order shipping expedited?
0	how to confirm a order	I pressed confirm order in false.
0	recover app coins	How can I recover my money?
0	Hi i need top ten items sold in 2017	Hi! I'M Brazilian
0	The product came but I can not transfer the money to the seller	How can I transfer my money?
0	How can I get a refund	How do I get refund of WebMoney?
0	no that is not what im asking	im speak English not good
0	my order is not moving	My seller will not cancel my order.
0	hmmmmm okay thanks	thanks not helpful
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	I cannot send dispute form.
0	search for product	How to search supplier?
0	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	Why my order shows Payment Processing?
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to buy many items in one order. What about the shipment?
0	sir i have to purchase a product from you sir	How do I purchase from different sellers and it shipped at the same time?
0	when I want to pay, an old discarded card comes up. I have to enter my new card number EVERY time, and it is annoying. How can I deleted the old discarded visa card	how i pay with visa card?
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	I want to find the product
0	what time is it in China?	What is the capital city of China?
1	I closed the dispute because seller promised return my money, if I didin't get order 15 days, time was out, and now he didin't return my money	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
1	I can not upload videos or photos to the dispute	I cannot upload the attachment
0	Where to find a postal identifier	Where can I find my dispute cases?
0	Where can I find feedback left about me?	How can I find the feedback I have left?
0	Hi Im having trouble placing an order Can you help me figure out whats wrong with your system?	can your company help me
0	my products do not reach me, I can not make a dispute	Please call me.
0	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	I'd like to speak with a human
0	help with my account	Can you help me with the bank account number that you use?
0	How to find the item ship from USA	how much is it ship to Canada?
1	What I cannot get coupons when I exchange coins?	Why don't i get coupons???
0	My received was hold in the customs	Is my payment received?
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	How can I track my package?
0	how to cancel unpaid order	How do I cancel confirmation of an order?
1	i just want my fucking password	I forgot my password
0	What I should do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	Thanks for your feedback	thanks for help
1	i am not satisfied with dispute result	I think the claim result is unfair.
0	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	You won't answer me.
0	i cancel the pre order	I need cancel an order but the seller still not cancel.
1	When can I speak to real person????	can i speak to a real person not computer to help me
1	are a live person	i want to speak to a live person
0	This is the order number.	Is order number similar to account number?
0	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
1	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	My order has gone to another country, what can I do?
0	I can not upload videos or photos to the dispute	How do I get photos without store number?
0	for customs taxes	Held by Customs
0	hello, can I speak spanish?	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	I have tried three times and I am not getting any help	I tried using my card to pay but it keeps getting declined.
0	Do I need to pay custom duty	if I use Mastercard to pay do I need to pay any charges?
0	i want to ask my order	I want my order quicker
0	I forgot my password and email, and login id	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	how to complaint	Want to Complaint
1	Can you people help me	Can you help me?
0	Hi, I have a problem with my payment.	i have problem with my tracking
0	I wrote may a week ago a report on this site. Please check it	May I pay with VISA?
0	add card on payment	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
1	can't leave feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback?
1	are u men or woman?	are you a woman?
1	Contact Customer Service this option doesn't work	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	where can i see message which i sent
0	but I can not make purchases with the repayment money	I am Brazilian and can I to buy what I want?
0	Visa credit card	credit card fraud
0	Returns and refunds	I want to cancel order but seller does not provide refunds
0	hello, i have a problem with my shipping address. why doesn't it agree that?	hello I have a problem with a store
0	Hi, I need help with my appeal	hi i need to tell u something about my order
1	my order no. is	My order is
0	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	Can I order for item more than $50?
0	How can I get express shipping on my order	How can I get back my money on this order?
0	de fault address	What is beneficiary bank address?
1	did not receive my order and the seller is not responding back	I did not receive my order
1	Have all of my orders been paid for? I got confirmation emails saying they were paid but when I click on the order it says it was cancelled due to security reasons. How many of the items in my order list are paid and how many are cancelled. Can I talk to s	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
1	Hello, my credit card expiration has expired and I can not find anywhere where the new card data can be overwritten. Could you help me?	I want to change the card data
0	Hi. I have not received my products, and the status is finished now.	I have to go for now.
1	is this a human being?	I need a human assistant
1	it is work, thanks	Many thanks to Eve
1	how to change currency in pkr.	How can I change the currency of articles?
0	now haven't received payment returned	Is my payment received?
1	no i want to sell	Can I sell on your website?
0	l placed an order from spain to spain	How long does it takes from I placed my order until i get an e-mail?
0	can anyone order from this site	My order was cancelled but I have received things from this site.
1	Change phone number	How do I change my phone number?
0	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	How do I know my order reach my country?
1	I am not able to open dispute	I am trying to open dispute but it is not going through.
0	I can not make a dispute	can i make payment using debit card
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	I was charged twice for the same order
0	after open dispute	i want to open an after sale dispute
0	Walle, How can you type so fast	How fast I can get my order? I need it in 3 days
0	why are you not answering corret: go to hell	are you slow you are not answering my question
0	What is sellers coupon	How can I use my discount coupon? What should I do?
0	where is my items? I have not received my order yet	I have shipped back my items and have not received my money back
0	Do I have to have an account with your company to order a product?	I do not have your account number to send my payment through Western Union
1	Hi there, I'm trying to view a product I ordered but I don't have access	I do not have access to my account
0	How to put credit card in account	How do I change credit card?
0	How to ship back the item	how long will it take to ship?
0	I have my credit card with you for instant pay,	Can I use PayPal to pay as I do not have a credit card
1	Why can't I place an order	Why I am not able to place an order?
0	How do I cancel my account	How do I edit my account?
0	how we can shortage the delivery period and shipment process?	Why it says We currently cannot process business cards?
1	how can i contact the seller	How can I contact seller?
0	please answer me	Please call me
1	can u help me to know about my product	How can I know more about the product?
1	i cannot upload	I cannot upload a jpeg picture.
1	will all item be shipped together	Do you send all things together?
0	HI,I MAKE A ORDER AND I CAN'T TO PAY ,ALWAYS I HAVE THE SAME MASSAGE	I have accidentally placed double order on the same thing
0	where is my items? I have not received my order yet	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	i would like to pay half with one credit card and half with another credit card
0	i need to raise dispute	I need open dispute but do not have the option
1	I want to change my credit card which is registered for payment	I need to change my credit card details.
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	How do I request for refund?
0	Do you actually have any other answer for me	I turned to you with a problem and you do not answer me!?
1	I need a real person to chat	I need a real person
0	I didnt receive a single order that i made from Apr	I made purchase but they closed my order.
0	when I pay for an order I cannot save my card details as I've forgotten my password or pass number	I need to change my credit card details.
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	Why I was charged 2 times?
0	Where can I use my refund?	where can I see the list of my purchase
0	how to retrieve deleted orders	how to clear history orders
0	Can i introduce a friend?	Can I talk with you?
0	are you bot	Are you available?
0	why is my order been cancelled?	Why my order cancelled for security?
0	I placed an order as a guest but do not have confirmation	How do I cancel confirmation of an order?
0	can you check my dispute?	Can you check if payment was successful?
1	how to open a dispute	I need open a dispute
0	this is robot?	Why I am connected to a Robot?
1	I have not received my goods	I have not received my goods and the sender has not responded to my message
0	how to add video to my dispute	How do I add it to My Favorite Store?
1	i want to be connected with a real person	can i chat with a real person
1	Hi, I have a problem, I want to return the camcorder to the warranty service, and the seller does not reply to my message	I have sent emails but the supplier does not reply
0	The promotion began, but why the price of product did not change	Why has the price been modified?
1	My order has been retained in the Portuguese customs, I need a proof of purchase, invoice, receipt, how can I do?	My goods have been detained by the Customs, what can I do?
1	how to chance shipping method?	How can I change shipping method?
0	wait... let me show u a snapshot...	Are u kidding with me?
0	Hi!! need to delete my old credit card info to register a new credit card	How to pay with credit card?
0	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	My account was stolen. What can I do?
1	Where I can find an information for a refused dispute	I am interested in information on the dispute.
0	Specific country warranty	will you ship to my country?
0	how to scan qr code	How to change the delivery postal code?
0	having trouble logging in	I am having a trouble with my payment going through
0	I can't get help from you	Does that matter to get help from you?
0	please can you tell me about shipment to Pakistan	can you tell me
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	How do I edit my profile?
0	I have a questions	I asked questions about the product, but received no response
1	Do I need to pay custom duty	how do I find out if I need to pay import tax
0	Did not pay back	I want to pay with Visa card, but payment did not go
0	I did return the goods, but the seller's shop was blocked, and he does not answer what will happen to the goods? If the seller does not confirm receipt within 30 days	received goods stopped working and the seller does not respond
0	where is the appeal button?	Where is sign out button?
1	We are unable to create an account	why I cannot create an account for me
1	How to see the warranty	What are warranty products?
0	How to change shipping address	How can I change the wrong shipping address?
0	how to pay using idea	Can I pay using PayPal
0	Please, the term of the purchase protection is over, can you return my money? Do I have to wait for the dispute? The error was in sending the site, the merchandise was not sent to Brazil. Thank you.	i want to thank you for getting my money back
0	cannot contact seller	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	possible to talk to customer service	Is it possible to change the size of order?
0	how to reset my account password	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
1	how to exchange app coins	How do I use the coins?
0	i want to know is that any store with that name	I want to have an invoice with product name
1	Hi. I want to send mail to sales manager. I need the email address.	I need directions on how to uninstall the trade manager
0	what will happen when I open dispute	What will happen if the seller does not respond to my dispute?
0	how do I apply for a refund	How do I apply for Freebies?
0	which account the refund money	refund in another account
0	if an order has come back how many days i have to get the refund	How many days I will receive my order?
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to buy 4 items in one transaction
0	when I pay for an order I cannot save my card details as I've forgotten my password or pass number	I cannot pay for my order
0	Hello I would like to know I have 3 coupons but I do not know how much is worth in franc thank you	pay with the coupons
0	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	I am still waiting for my partial refund for this order
0	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	I have not received by goods. seized by Customs
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	Can I ship the order back?
0	Hello, I'v received a message for refund.	Why I received the less refund?
0	order has been cancelled by credit card	Why payment has been taken twice from my credit card?
0	but i can't use it... i made an order before and i can't pay anything with it	what can I do to use my credit to pay an order?
0	I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I did not take a refund of the order number
1	still showing refund processing	Still not received a refund
1	I can not make an order	I cannot make my order
1	I need to speak with some human support	need some human to solve my problem
0	can't leave feedback	How do I leave feedback?
0	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	Hello, eva, is my payment still being processed?	My order is still awaiting payment
1	I would be happy to talk to a person	i want to talk to a person
0	i need to chat now	I will try that now
0	I asked many times the seller but he/she is always saying it will be here in week or two	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
0	I can't log in,i forgot my password and I can't find the verification code in my email,I tried a few ties already	I cannot log in my account, there is no field to write my email and password
0	Can u please talk to me	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	I tried to get help a long time ago for this problem and gave up buying from this site, There are some things I want to buy. If you help me I can buy from the website. If you keep not helping me I cannot buy from the website ever. Please put your boss on t	Do you offer shipping information if I buy from you?
0	You are saying anything about my refund	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	how do I cancel dispute?	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
1	how to verify account	Please help verify my account
0	I wrote may a week ago a report on this site. Please check it	may i talk with human?
0	and there have not called me	It did not take my visa I called banks and they said it should work
0	How are you today?	whats the weather today
0	I know the web site is english. I already use chat and the people was able to understand me.	am i able to use debit cards?
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	Why I failed to pay with my credit card?
1	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	Why I cannot place order?
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	i have a problem with an order
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	wont accept order
1	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	I received the wrong size for my product
0	I wanna see my tracking details	I need to change my credit card details.
0	I need top ten items sold in 2017	I paid for items and they are not in the order list.
0	my price forward	What is FOB price?
0	having trouble logging in	I am having trouble becoming a member, I have tried several times.
0	My product did not come. the time is over.	Does product come directly to my house or go to the post office?
1	please someone who knows spanish l find it hard to write and translate and then translate what he writes to me	translate to portuguese
0	hi i want to know refund status	i want to know how i am gonna be refund
0	no i can't follow my order	I place an order. When can I expect my order?
1	After 15 days, no dispute has been opened	how do I lodge an order dispute after my order has been complete?
0	I can't pay when I try to order a product and ship it to Mexico	Can I ship the order back?
0	Dispute in Progress means	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
0	how to add photo	how to add to my favorite
1	how can I report fraud seller	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
0	Remove card information	remove my name in the transaction
1	the seller is a lier	Seller is not liable.
0	my order was not updated in one month	Can I order just one item for my personal use?
0	i ordered a phone. its broken	I ordered Nike shoes and accept it
0	I am waiting for payment verification?	I am still waiting for my partial refund for this order
0	Are you an idiot? I need to remove or delete an appeal.	I want to remove my feedback
1	are you an actual person?	am i speaking to an actual person?
0	I can't log in,i forgot my password and I can't find the verification code in my email,I tried a few ties already	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
1	Sorry for my english. I speak french.	do you speak french?
0	how to report your seller	How to report feedback abuse?
0	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	I do not want to have refund. Could you give me coupon instead?
0	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	I have several orders that were paid but not sent to me.
1	how many time take for delivery?	if i order today how much time will it take to reach my country
1	I am not satisfied with dispute result. What can I do?	I am dissatisfied with claim result. What can I do?
1	Unable to sign for an account	Why I cannot sign in to my account?
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	I need to check my order status but i do not remember which email and password
0	I have contacted them, but they tell me to wait a while for them to arrive. But that's not the problem. It has arrived, but defective; And they just tell me to wait for me to arrive	can you tell me do my problem?
1	The chat button is not working	Eva this live chat is not working
0	how do I checked order number	How do I edit my fax number?
1	can i speak to a real person?	an i talk to a real person
1	Hi Eva! I need to delete my old credit card and register my new credit card	I saved my credit card but I need to replace it with a new one
0	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	How do I become eligible for buyer protection?
1	I cannot use my select coupon	cannot use Select Coupon
0	How to reset your password	Why can not I reset password?
0	What number is the beginning of my purchase I made on the date of 21 05 2017	I made a purchase but the store does not exist
1	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	Can I change an order?
0	add additional feedback	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	can't view order	Where can I view the complaint center?
1	Duplicate payments to solve	How do I solve duplicate payment?
0	May I know if how will I be able to delete my account?	May I know the progress of my order
1	how to change delivery address	How do I change the delivery address?
0	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	What day is it today?
0	hello this is my first time here.	Why is my order not here yet
0	how do I cancel dispute?	how to cancel accepted dispute
0	how i can sell one product in u site	I only need one item, but the supplier does sell in lot
0	I want to do shopping how to buy	The shopping cart is not showing the products
0	upload video evidence	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	Didnt say anything about email	I cannot write anything in the box
1	how can I repot a fraud seller	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
1	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	I am getting an error message when making my credit card payment.
0	how to apply feedback	How do I change feedback?
0	Looking for suppliers	I want to find suppliers for products
0	this is my order ID	How do I find my member id?
1	how do I place order	How do I place an order?
1	hello can you help me please have you time	Could you please help me?
0	Bank Konto BLZ	What is a copy of the bank statement?
1	Dispute finished. Seller agreed to refund but refund not received.	There is no refund on dispute
1	my order was not updated in one month	I have escalated an order and have not been updated in over a week.
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	How do I use my $10 coupon?
0	have talked to you yesterday and was told this will be resolved within a day	Have a nice day.
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	I put wrong shipping address
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	How do I make a refund request?
1	its telling your account is suspended	I received an email telling my account has been deactivated. What happens?
1	how do I checked order number	How can I find my order number?
0	a link should open up in my browser but it is broken and does nothing even though the little "hand" appears when hovering over	it's difficult for my little english to explain what I mean
0	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	I trying to cancel my order and the seller is denying my request.
0	cancel order	I need to cancel order but the seller refuse to cancel.
1	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	I have several orders that were paid but not sent to me.
0	seller is not not trying to refund or replace	I trying to cancel my order and the seller is denying my request.
0	I have problem with you guys	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call
0	what does shipment cancelled mean	What does Awaiting shipment return" mean?"
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	i need a real human
0	other orders arrived in time	Confirm if have other problem
0	how many days to get a refund	In how many days can I expect my delivery
1	my What is price	What is product price?
0	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	i ordered some products and received a size smaller.
0	I want to know If i can to speak with the seller before buy a product.	How can I know more about the product?
0	my order was processed without me confirming payment details	Why my payment has been deducted without transaction?
0	I have tried three times and I am not getting any help	I have a dispute and it is not getting solved
0	I asked many times the seller but he/she is always saying it will be here in week or two	I paid one time but money goes like I paid two times
1	how to cancel an account?	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
0	change password in app	not get Coupon after download APP as new user
0	I want to send you a photo for asking you if an item is available to any supplier of your site. Is it possible and how I can do that?	Can I show my photo to you?
0	i don't have delete signed	I don't speak english
1	May I ask a question?	I ask you a question
0	i need shipping company	I need to change my shipping address on recently purchased item.
0	who will reimbursement seller on aliexpress	send the MTCN to obtain reimbursement
0	I ordered some tea bags in November, that haven't arrived.	I need some information
0	It turns out that I received the order but it was in poor condition. It's deteriorated. Sorry for my writing, but I do not know English and I'm using a translator.	I have poor connection
1	thanks for your help	Thank you for your help.
0	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	How can I receive it faster?
0	how to extend buyer protection time	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
0	hi, the seller gave me a new tracking number. how must i use it?	I have a coupon, how do I use it in my new order?
1	I am not able to use my coupon, when I will finalize a purchase my coupon does not appear	my coupon does not appear in the conclusion
0	I have made many orders with other suppliers and they have all been very serious in their work	I want to be unsubscribed from all e-mails
1	i cannot upload	Why I cannot upload photo?
0	my Shipment cancelled	My order was cancelled for security reason.
1	I was charged for an item I thought I purchased but never received it and can't find a trace of in on my orders	Why I got charged for something I never order?
0	the order is close	Do you close my account?
1	May I know if how will I be able to delete my account?	How to delete my account?
0	I can not pay because "You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again."	Reason: An unknown error has occurred. Solution: Please try again later.
0	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	I open dispute but get no response. What happens?
0	what is my account user name?	what's your name
1	I try now	I will try that now
0	they sent me a note and ask me to appeal	He has sent me really nasty emails
0	I am constantly trying to contact the seller and he did not respond I need a product invoice to send to customs	Do I need to send the product back for refund?
0	when I can leave feedback?	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	Boleto payment already done
0	could you help me and could you open dispute?	Could you tell me the process of my dispute?
0	I want to appeal your judgment.	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	how to open dispute	how to check dispute reason
0	the seller have other behavior	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	open dispute but seller refuse to refund	When will I receive refund after I open dispute?
0	how to recover old account	How to verify account?
0	where is this Appeal button?	live chat button
1	connect me to a customer service agent	I would like to speak with a customer service agent.
0	exchange coins to coupons	Apply for compensation (COINS)
0	I want the money as soon as I will not try again or buy anything from you	Is there anything that you want to tell me?
0	How to get refund from Mercado pago	how do I send a paypal mailbox to get refund from seller
0	reasons for cancellation	What can I do if it shows waiting approval for cancellation?
0	When will I get the parcel?	How can I get my parcel?
0	were in my elemnt i purchase	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	I have a questions	how can i get questions answered over the phone
0	I have paid twitch	I have paid for my Order via credit card. but shows that I have not paid.
1	I did not receive the refund	Why did not I receive refund?
1	connect live chat again	Live chat please
0	I did not but anything	I am not able to buy anything
0	Good morning, I would like to know how to be an affiliate and sell the products	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
1	my email is	My email address is recognized as incorrect
0	All my orders has this note, and it seems like its not sending..	I would like to see the order in My Orders list
0	i have to send back the item back to china	The item is back to China
0	canceled no shipment	They want more money for shipment
0	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	How can I get repair service from your site?
1	i did not receive the products	I did not receive my order
0	I pay seller and my order never arrive	Wait for my refund and the seller never responded
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	I have sent messages to the supplier, but he does not reply. What can I do?
0	check out page	Is this page safe?
0	i need to find my payment information	Where do I find information on dispute?
1	Can I reopen a dispute	How can I reopen a dispute?
0	My contacts are all ok	i wanna delete all in my order list
1	Where can I use my refund?	where should I check my refund?
1	how to open dispute on completed order?	How to dispute a completed order
0	As I can't do appeal	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	no, you need cancel my email for me to buy again	I need to cancel order, in my order no option to cancel
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
0	how to manage feedback	manage my orders
0	and received the refund amount and dispute closed	I accidentally closed the dispute
1	how do i talk to service team	How do I contact service team?
0	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	I accidentally confirmed receipt of the parcel, the parcel has not even arrived.
0	how to reject the proposal	how to check dispute reason
0	please can you tell me about shipment to Pakistan	can you tell me what ESCROW is?
0	how do I undo the dispute so that they get paid?	How do I get a refund if I paid via Bank Transfer?
1	How to extend buyers protection?	I can not extend the protection time of an order
0	I want to cancel the extra shipping charge for the item I bought.	Where are the coupons I bought?
1	when my cancelled	Why my order is cancelled?
0	how to file payment appeal?	how to file dispute when confirmation timeout
0	never mind this suck I will order at light in the box	I never received my order
0	how to reset my password	i tried to reset password but did not work
1	why I cannot use coupon	I cannot use my valid coupon!
0	Forgive me, but how to take a screenshot?	how long will shipping take
0	Cancelled Orders Finished means	I have orders cancelled for a suspicious seller
0	After 15 days, no dispute has been opened	I have not received my refund and has been more than 15 business days
1	I can't open dispute. Time is over	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	My order was closed since the supplier account has been disabled
0	i will contact my bank i dont know what is 3D secure code	i dont know how to finish my shopping
0	I want to pay,	I want to pay by net-banking
0	Check the refund on my card.	When will I receive my refund if I pay with Credit Card?
0	How Do I change my password	How do I change my rating?
1	no paypal account?	Why no PayPal option?
0	Is there any way to tell when my order will actually be delivered?	Is there any way to find verified seller?
0	I can't make my payment via Mastercard, it keep showing me 'system error'. What should I do?	I paid via master card, how can I receive refund?
0	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I check a seller if they have no feedback?
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	What is return and refunds policy here?
0	I want to know more about the product	I want to know about refund
0	I don't see what to clock	I don't have more questions
0	i do all -and cant	How do I pay all the orders by one time?
0	and have not received the item yet	I received item with very bad condition
0	but I would like to know if it's possible for me to get samples or pay for samples of some of the products before I buy large quantities	I would like to know how can I pay for an item?
0	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	I have opened dispute one month ago and I am still waiting for your response.
0	how to reject the proposal	How to be affiliate
0	for my phone	Why I cannot install TradeManager on my mobile phone?
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	the part where you have to write the code seems defective	Where can I get a refund for a defective product?
0	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	Can I place all my orders in the same shipment?
0	No please listen.....I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please h	How can I combine the shipping fee if I order several items from one seller?
0	This doesnt work.	What is your work
1	Do you speak italian?	do you speak
0	Who is the seller	Who am I?
0	I need to open a dispute	I am failed to open a dispute
0	how can I know what type of seeds I have received. There is only a bag of seeds in the parcel. Nothing more. I have three bags now	I have to go for now.
0	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	Would it be possible you answer my question
0	and will they all be the same design	To buy goods from different sellers all orders will be exported in the same box?
0	How can I put the name of my street address?	How can I change my profile name?
0	i mistakenly cancelled my order after made the payment. But i want my order to be done. What can i do?	Can I change my order after pay for it
0	how to send image	How do I send messages to seller?
0	i haven't received my order	I want to change my order to a different order
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	Can I speak with a live person?
0	how can i add my product for sale	How can I add my P.O box in shipping address?
0	i cant find the ideal icon?	How to pay with iDeal?
0	OF THIS YOU HAVE NOT BEEN MADE YOU MUST PAY	Have you been married?
0	how to respond on dispute	What will happen if the seller does not respond to my dispute?
1	hello, i have problems with an order	Problems with my order
0	how to edit profile	How can I edit my shipping address?
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	I would like to pay for my orders together. How can I do that?
0	Hi, I had ordered a cosplay costume with the wrong currency; I canceled the order and the seller told me it was cleared right away, but now there is not enough credit on the card; Could I kindly receive the amount back as quickly as possible? I have to reo	i just wanted to confirm they had the right address
0	My app coins are not added. What can I do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	you're a computer?	you're absolutely no help
0	Nice to know you.	I know that you are a robot.
0	how to edit dispute?	How can I edit my shipping address?
0	You cannot help me	Could you please help me?
0	Yes, it's on the way but it takes 3 weeks	What is 3-D verification?
0	i want know when i need data to use it	i want to know now
0	How can I collect my order in cart?	How many items I can add to Shopping Cart?
0	Please, the term of the purchase protection is over, can you return my money? Do I have to wait for the dispute? The error was in sending the site, the merchandise was not sent to Brazil. Thank you.	Do you ship to Brazil?
0	No received email confirmed	Please let me know your e mail address
0	i wanna know about ma order	can i know about it please
1	what is my account user name?	How do I get my user name?
0	hi eva. im having a problem with an order	Having problem in putting my shipping address
0	How do i add evidence	How do I add shipping address?
0	Where can I use my refund?	Where can I pick up my item?
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	please read my question
0	are you sure that you cain t help me??	can you help me?
0	why is it that they do not make mens shoes in size 12 US	How do I change size of the shoes I ordered?
0	estimated delivery time.	What is the time there?
1	how do I cancel order	How do I cancel the order if I have already paid?
1	how to get an invoice	How do I download invoice?
0	I'd like to cancel my order.	I would like to cancel my order but the seller does not respond.
0	it's been 32 days i dont see any update on my order	i dont know how to finish my shopping
0	check on that order number i gave you please i need to understand what the outcome is	I need track number
0	how many can i add to my shopping cart	Why I cannot add products in my Shopping Cart anymore?
0	What I have to do for my seller to be able to adjust a price	What can I do if the seller reject my cancel order request?
0	can you ship out with 1 days shipping?	Can you speed up the shipment of goods, not within 30 days?
1	I can't create and sign in account. won't let me after I enter the code	I fail to sign in the account
0	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	I cannot sign in to my orders
0	how can I check order number	Where I can see the number of my order tracker?
1	how can I repot a fraud seller	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	What if I don't like the way the dress fits or it is the wrong size? Can I return it for a refund?	The house number is wrong. What can I do?
1	pay as one	How can I pay for my entire order with one payment?
0	I want to know If i can to speak with the seller before buy a product.	Can I have a reduction on the product I want to buy
0	upload video evidence	I cannot upload the attachment
0	hi, i got an email that my order has been cancelled, but i already paid for it	I have not been repaid for a cancelled order
0	May 8 send a phone to return to the address indicated and still do not know anything and nobody contacts me.	May I know support email?
0	kinds of payment method	Why is the payment method I want to use not available?
1	hello, can I speak spanish?	I am spanish
1	This is the order number.	my order number is
0	delete wish list	add to wish list
0	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	I will never order from this company again
0	How to exchange points to coupon?	How can I do an exchange?
0	Please check the history on this site	Is it possible to delete history of orders
0	my order is cancelled	My order was cancelled for security reason.
1	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	can i chat with an agent online
0	the order just never gets processed	I never received my order
0	where I can see my coupon page?	Where can i see response from supplier?
0	How can I do?	How can I do with temporary system failure?
0	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	I have a question about a dispute
1	im trying to use a coupon	How to use register coupon?
0	Hello! I have closed the dispute on may 21, 2017 and says that the refund will be made. When will be refunded the money?	My order is closed, when will I receive refund?
1	i need help with	I need your help
0	could you help me and could you open dispute?	Could you communicate with me in Russian
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	can i speak to a real person not computer to help me
0	how to find reliable seller	find a diamond seller for me
0	hi, why i cannot pay with ideal?	I cannot pay by Moneybookers.
0	how to retrieve deleted orders	how to clear unnecessary orders?
1	where is the coupon located	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
0	So are you not able to help?	you are so sweet
1	I ordered tea bags in November	i ordered a product
1	we do not need remove please we need person can understand me	You do not understand me
0	I have problem product	I have a problem with payment
0	add card on payment	can i make payment using debit card
0	how to re open a dispute	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	I need manual of my goods
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	I've placed a order
0	sir i have rupay debit card but not accept	Do you accept Discover card?
0	how to block a seller	I cannot buy any product they block me
0	order list pages	How can i clear completed orders from My order list
0	Verify email address	there is no link in my email to verify it. what should i do
1	Dispute in Progress means	What is Dispute in Progress?
0	where is the "here?"	where is China?
0	it showed failed to log page	log in takes too long
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	I am trying to place an order and no luck
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	I want to get a invoice for my product.
0	i give them time to do something	How do I give feedback?
1	how to contact customer service	how do i contact customer service
0	refund is stuck at processing	What is Fund Processing?
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
0	I bought a product and I did not receive.	I order a product but did not receive any email confirmation
1	a need a real person to talk to	need to talk to a person
0	But money send	Need send in Dingding
0	Can you look into my issue?	Can you issue invoice for order which I just received?
0	No because you do not want to help me	Can you help me?
0	add a friend	I just broke up with my boy friend.
0	The promotion began, but why the price of product did not change	Why I cannot change the size of a product?
0	I had placed an order for 17 items and I received two things and the rest of the orders got cancelled as payment was not made. But the money for all the 17 items have been taken from my bank.	I have shipped back my items and have not received my money back
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	awaiting for payment	I make payment by Bank Transfer. Why it still shows Awaiting Payment?
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I has sent you a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What will happen?
1	No speak english	You speak english only?
0	i need open dispute	I need open dispute but do not have the option
0	i can't find it	In my question cant get an answer.
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	talk to me
0	Can I access my mobile orders on my PC so I can print out my orders?	How can I pay all my orders?
0	i submit my appeal and nothing happens	Can I know what happens with my dispute?
0	why my order canceled shipment	Why my order is Awaiting Shipment?
1	Hello! I want to retreive my credit card info from my account. How can I do that?	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	Why can't I place an order	Why can't I place an order via WebMoney??
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	i forgot my account but i have orders
0	You don't understand that the buyer protection has ended and I was not refunded and I didn't get my order.	I don't know
1	italian please	Do you speaker italian?
1	hello, i have 3 cancelled orders and i still have not receive my order	Until now I still have not reached my order
0	i am trying to open a dispute but the picture attachment isn't loading	I am failed to open a dispute
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	Can I pay for the goods on delivery?
0	The chat does not work	My product does not work
0	are you okay?	You are boring.
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
0	Good Morning. I paid the order ticket and without wanting to cancel it, can you activate it again please?	You can send the goods once again when I already paid?
0	Cancelled Orders Finished means	which means merchandise awaiting acceptance?
0	where is my items? I have not received my order yet	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
0	respond on dispute	why supplier does not respond
0	remove my card details	I want to remove my feedback
1	I have a compte I don't connected	I don't know.
0	Cancelled Orders Finished means	What does a copy of bank statement means?
1	delete order history	how to delete paid order
0	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	When can I open a dispute?
0	how to block messages	how do i read messages
0	nooo I want to buy 100 and have no shipping seller is willing to adjust price but your system does not allowed	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	Remove card information	how to remove my order?
1	you can help m	can you help with that?
1	The tracking number doesn't update	Why it is invalid tracking number?
0	ok I will explain briefly	Ok Eva thanks very much I understand
0	Hi there can you please help me with a problem about a jacket I bought it's one size small it doesn't fit how can I send it back and get one bigger size	How can I place an order in specified size?
0	alright. Moving goods within the EU does not have to pay taxes if the seller has already paid taxes.	How to get goods without paying taxes?
0	this link is empty	Why my shopping cart is empty?
0	How to get reward points	how to you get to work
0	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	I am having some troubles with my last order
1	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	i want to speak to someone
0	how to remove debit card from account	how do I remove items from my required payments list?
0	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	My order is showing Fund Processing
0	The goods I purchased do not work. I have contacted the seller direct but am getting only emojis as replies. Cannot open a dispute.	I have a dispute and it is not getting solved
0	how to check coupon?	How to use coupon?
0	i need to open dispute	I am failed to open a dispute
1	how to complaint	How do I send a complaint to the seller?
1	NET PAYMENT CAN I MAKE	How can I make a payment now?
0	how to find a good seller?	find a diamond seller for me
0	What happens if I don't get my refund	When will I get my refund for the cancelled order
0	i have a cuestion	I have been scammed
1	I need a real person, please	i need a real human
0	Where do you live Eva?	Eva this live chat is not working
0	how to cancel unpaid order	how to delete unpaid order
1	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	My order has been shipped to wrong country
1	this not help	no help at all
0	who pay tax	Who pay for the shipping fee for sending the goods back?
0	How to find the order number?	How do I find a supplier by his store number?
0	What are you doing	will you help me or what?
1	My Order List	I cannot find it in my order list
0	What do you say i don't understand you	you dont get what i say to you
0	Hello, Eva. I wanna cancel fund processing in my orders.	What is Fund Processing?
0	HI see my message i sent you a minute ago	How can l see my message
0	I need ask give number	I need MTCN number to be refunded
1	i wanna know about ma order	I would like to know about this order
1	No speak english	i cant speak english
0	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
1	I have forgotten my password &amp; when I try &amp; reset my password from the email it is not connecting or when I copy &amp; paste web site to brower, its not showing the site, I just want a new password so i can check my account, but nothing is working	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	cannot leave feedback	How can I leave a feedback?
0	i cannot add a credit card to the account	I cannot add it in the cart
0	how can I cancel the order	How can I pay for frozen order?
0	when my pay will cancelled	made a purchase with you but my order was cancelled par failure to pay
1	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	How can I change size?
0	fast shipping method	I want to know the delivery time of each shipping method
0	how to scan qr code	How do I know my country code?
0	done all of that	I have done this it did not help
0	Forgive me, but how to take a screenshot?	Please take me off your email list
0	No, it is impossible to send mail	Is it possible to change the type of mail after sending?
0	hello i cain t order	I don't know
0	I want to buy this machine and have it delivered to germany	I want to buy with a debit card, but I cannot.
0	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	My supplier wants me confirm delivery before order is received
1	order closed payment not processed	I just got an email saying my order was closed from no payment. but I paid
0	other orders arrived in time	How do I pay all the orders by one time?
1	how to open dispute on completed order?	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
0	i have not received my order.	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	how to save payment method	Why is the payment method I want to use not available?
1	hello, i have problems with an order	Im having problems with this order
1	how to file complaint	How do I file complaint?
0	Need a refund	need assistance with
0	i got new debit card how do i up date my card	I have a debit card and I do not have an expiry date
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	I want to pay,	I want to pay by PayPal
1	i cannot log into my account!!	I cannot log in to your account. What can I do?
0	shipment was cancelled	What is Awaiting Shipment?
0	Can I get payment receipt for orders of all sellers?	How can I pay all my orders?
1	i need to talk to human being please	I need to talk to a person
0	when will my order be placed	When will my order be unfrozen?
1	hi where can i change my shipping address?	Can I change my Shipping Address after placing an order?
1	add additional feedback	How do I add additional feedback?
0	how to set new shipping address	Why I failed to set my shipping address
0	I want to shipped all of my order	I want to cancel my order, but the goods have been shipped.
1	how to remove credit card?	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	But the product is requested	The product is broken
0	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	refund has not been received. has been more than 10 days
0	What does it mean: Your order will be closed in?	My order shows Fund Processing, what does it mean?
1	but more then 20 days is happen still payment not get	Why I have not received my refund after more than 20 working days?
0	how to leave additional feedback	I cannot leave feedback.
0	how many can i add to my shopping cart	How do I add to the shopping cart?
0	how to add the reward points	how to add friends by TM
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
1	I can pay when receiving goods	Can I pay for the goods on delivery?
0	i want know when i need data to use it	I already paid and I want to know when will I get my payments back?
0	How long in I forgot the password	I forgot to write full address
0	how many days to get a refund	how many days for my shop arrive in my country?
0	why delivery period increased	Why payment was taken before delivery?
0	how to remove ideal payment detail	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
1	I need contact with a real person	i want to chat with a real person
0	How to input into waiting Shipment using app	How do I pay using PayPal?
1	Can u please talk to me	talk to me pls
0	Hope you can understand. Looking forward to hearing from you to confirm, thank you in advance. Best regards.	how can you understand me
0	i hate you eva	Eva you suck
0	The product has run out...	How can I know the supplier has sent out the product?
0	OMG I keep losing the conversation wtf?	Why do I keep getting an error when trying to pay for my things?
0	luffy can I have the address or direction puffy gave me yesterday	I gave an incorrect email. What can I do?
0	i ordered a phone, its broken	I have ordered an item
0	I'm having trouble canceling my account.	I am having a trouble paying for an item
0	I have to many problems with your buyers	if I place many orders. How many times do I have to pay for shipping?
0	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	How can I know if my order was shipped?
0	i need to open dispute	I cannot open dispute
0	i was in touch with someone but i haven't heard back	I paid by TT and have not heard anything.
0	I cannot contact seller	How can I contact seller?
0	There is a mistake translating a word "order" in English to Turkish...	I want to cancel the order. There is mistake.
0	Them i want to a people that speaking spanish please	Do I speaking with a machine?
0	how can i just place preorder?	How can I cancel an order I just made?
0	how to have a developer account via please?	How to track via China post
1	how i print invoices	how can i print an invoice for order placed
0	dealer name Yvone Lee	What is your name?
0	the order just never gets processed	i just place an order
1	i just want to log in but where is my password	I lost my password
1	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	My order has gone to another country, what can I do?
1	my Shipment cancelled	My payment is good but my order was cancelled.
0	i cancelled my order with the seller already	I have returned my order but the order has already been completed.
0	i received an item today that I have been issued a refund. how can I pay now?	I would like to know how can I pay for an item?
0	please look on my question here before	Why is my order not here yet
1	Can I be connected to a live operator, please.	how can i get to live chat
1	I want to chat with a real human	I want to chat with administration
0	and i can;t check the tracking	where can i check my order?
0	hi, why i cannot pay with ideal?	Why I cannot pay for order with card Visa?
0	Has it shipped?	Supplier has already shipped the order
0	western union need copy of official reciepe before i pay my items can you please send me the copy	Why can't I pay with Western Union?
0	i cannot send any message to the vendors	I cannot send it to cart
0	I have new email	Why I have not received my confirmation email?
1	add new shipping address	How can I add my shipping address?
0	when i log in on computer, my wishlist is not updated. It's not same as on my apps	I cannot log in to my account
0	hi i want to know refund status	I do not know when the status Was suspicious order
1	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	You customer service is not helping
0	seller made no response	i want to cancel Escalated dispute except seller response
1	Contact Customer Service this option doesn't work	how to contact customer service
0	Unable to open an account	Sorry, you are unable to participate in this promotion
0	I want to cancel the order	I want to cancel presale order
1	I need a real person to chat	an i talk to a real person
0	:) I write in English	I cannot write street address in English?
0	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	How can I leave a feedback?
1	I already gave it but it says accept it but I did not receive my refund since I accept a refund without return of merchandise	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
0	how to cancel unpaid order	how to remove unnecessary unpaid order?
0	can you see my question?	i will try to explain to you my question
0	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	I have not received a partial refund of my order
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	What happened if the product i got does not match the description?
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	I want to tell other buyers about products that I bought. How can I do?
0	and have not received the item yet	I accidently clicked item received but it did not come to me yet.
1	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	My product has stopped thirty days in China, when will it arrive?
0	FEW MINTS I GIVE ORDER BUT I GIVE MONEY HAND TO HAND	I want to give a feedback for a seller.
0	They still haven't arrived	the goods arrived in another city and someone got it
1	r u there???	are u there?
1	i cannot use select coupon	cannot use Select Coupon
0	how to stop seller messages	The seller is always offline and is not answering to my messages
0	I tried to get help a long time ago for this problem and gave up buying from this site, There are some things I want to buy. If you help me I can buy from the website. If you keep not helping me I cannot buy from the website ever. Please put your boss on t	if I do not have visa can I buy from this website?
0	i cannot add a credit card to the account	I cannot add it to cart. It is not working.
0	I received my orders and all of the costumes are too small. I need much larger sizes and are performance is coming up soon. Can I have three new costumes shipped out asap?	My dispute lasts too much time. What can I do?
0	I can't leave a feedback	Can I leave a private feedback?
0	How do I use my email address in new account	I am unable to change my email address. It says it is already in use.
1	I need an assistance with my order	need assistance with
1	how do i search for seller	How can i search a store?
0	save card details	I want to remove my card details
1	How to extend buyers protection?	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	Have all of my orders been paid for? I got confirmation emails saying they were paid but when I click on the order it says it was cancelled due to security reasons. How many of the items in my order list are paid and how many are cancelled. Can I talk to s	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
0	and until now I have had no answers	Please give me your e-mail support for your site
1	how do i get coupons and discounts	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	sorry but you do not help me	Can you help me?
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	When will I receive refund after I open dispute?
0	How do i add evidence	How do I add seller to the blacklist?
0	Is that Phone free?	is my account free
0	want to delete your profile?	I want to delete the trade manager program
1	Can I call Customer service	i need a number to call customer service
0	19/5000 I just canceled	I just want to say Hi.
0	Where to see coupon page	where can I see the list of my purchase
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	I just placed an order
0	What do you say i don't understand you	You do not understand me
0	Registration email is not working	your working hours
0	And seller don't give my money back	I want my money back in my account
1	can i speak to a human please	Can I speak with an agent please?
1	how no phone number i been on this service for over a hour	how can i get questions answered over the phone
1	I purchased an iteam yesterday and i have been charged the iteam which is showing on my credit card statement am trying to find out why when i go into my purchase history is not showing the order number or tracking number	I did not see any order history but my credit card was charged
0	Are you married?	Are you available?
0	put order in the cart	How can I use shopping cart to place order?
0	Extend delivery time	Is it necessary to extend processing time?
1	place an order?	I want to place an order.
1	I cannot see order in my car	Why I cannot see my order?
1	i want to speak to a real person	Can i speak to a real person?
1	how do i add shipping address?	How do I add shipping address?
0	Invoice amount is not the same as for orders	To buy goods from different sellers all orders will be exported in the same box?
1	hi there, I need help	I need your help
0	no, i can not order anything	I cannot type anything
0	i am fine	I am very upset
1	items in one package	I paid for their goods. How can I combine them into one package?
0	please wait a minute	Please enter numbers only
0	did i not create an account when I ordered my product	I cancelled my ordered when can I expect a refund?
1	When did I cancel the canceled payment of the account?	I canceled my order. When can I get my money?
1	how to get the order number?	How to get my order number?
0	I'm looking for bdsm jewelries	i'm not speaking english
1	how to reach the payment support team?	I can't reach your support
1	hi, i have a problem	I have a problem.
0	i want to reset my password	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
0	my order was not updated in one month	How can I pay for my entire order with one payment?
0	how to use buyer protection	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	how to block to block the seller	How do I talk to the seller?
0	From this store, How to find the product ship from USA	how to delete a store from favorite store?
0	Is there a way to delete my account?	How can i delete the completed orders or useless orders under my account?
1	I want to call	Can I call you?
0	awaiting for payment	Why my order status says awaiting your payment?
1	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	How do I change my shipping type on an order I just placed?
1	why the price of product did not change	Why the promotion price is not changed?
0	how to extend buyer's protection	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
1	so i was buying a case	I buying this item with order number
1	how do i get an invoice	How do I download invoice of the order?
0	Hi Eva! I need to delete my old credit card and register my new credit card	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	Why my order is not showing?
0	I only paid the same order twice	I paid an order but it is still shows the same status
0	Turkey is above 30 euros from property taxes to Drews can be a measure of how you will	None of the above
0	It seems an old appeal has resurfaced on my account. All the documentation has been submitted and the appeal was satisfied weeks ago. Can you please help me resolve this issue?	Why my account has been deducted twice?
0	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	I have placed same order four times
0	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	When would I give money for product?
0	How do I cancel my credit card details	How do I know product details?
0	about my order	The seller does not answer me about my order
0	Please, the term of the purchase protection is over, can you return my money? Do I have to wait for the dispute? The error was in sending the site, the merchandise was not sent to Brazil. Thank you.	Can you stop sending the spam emails to my register account? It is annoying.
0	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	how do I receive my refund order? in my bank account?
0	annot find a way to submit my proof of credit card info and my identification, every link is a blank page, I am overwhelmed with the feed back process that every store requires? I would be more than happy to submit my information so order verification team	I did not receive a verification link in my email
0	Need my order traced. Your website is very difficult to navigate. It just says "order finished"	Can I cancel my order if the order status says Payment Processing?
0	after received item I found out it is not working	how do I file a dispute after I received my goods and time ran out
0	the chat button does not work	My product does not work
0	I placed an order and canceled but I was deducted. can you confirm if my money will be reversed to my account?	My order was canceled, what can I do?
0	Iam doing singing in my account but it is not working	I tries to pay with my visa debit card and it is not working
0	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	my dispute says awaiting shipment
0	i received only one shows in my order	I placed an order through one of your sellers
1	i want to remove my credit card from my account	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	how many can i add to my shopping cart	How many shipping addresses can I add?
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	Do I need do anything to make a refund?
0	I am asking how to combine orders for payment if the order is still in my cart	My order is still awaiting payment
1	I have an issue	i have an issue.
0	I can`t see my order	I have not received my order I can not see any track of it on my account
0	my order is cancelled	Why my order have not been cancelled?
0	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	How can I check the claim status?
0	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	Please let me know your e mail address
1	The promotion began, but why the price of product did not change	Why it does not show promotion price?
0	Unable to create an account	I did not create this account, someone else created this account. Used my email
0	how can I cancel the order	How can I find the details for my order?
1	Hello money i want to do what i have to do what i have to do	what i have to do now
0	never mind this suck I will order at light in the box	i never confirm my order as received but my transaction is completed
1	do u have a phone number	do you have a phone number to reach
0	so how to do it &gt;	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
0	Hi!! need to delete my old credit card info to register a new credit card	Do not use a credit card
0	How can i pay for my purchase?	Will I pay taxes over my purchase?
0	Hello I am havin this message when trying to buy something For system security reasons, we need to verify your identity. Please check your email within 24 hours for instructions regarding additional information to provide to us to complete the verification	Your not really giving me the information that I need
0	no paypal account? at visa card on	I paid in seller personal PayPal account
0	Forgot login how to restore?	How do I restore deleted orders?
1	How to return back the item	How do I return a item shipped by the seller?
0	how to update mobile number?	how can i update?
0	I don't need automatic answers.	I don't know.
1	i want to pay the amount with gift card	Why will not my gift card work?
0	I have contacted the seller	I do not have the seller contact information
0	I was charged for an item I thought I purchased but never received it and can't find a trace of in on my orders	I need directions for an item I purchased
0	I do not want to cancel my order	I want to cancel presale order
0	just a moment	i have just made an order
0	i havent received my goods yet	I have not received my goods and the sender has not responded to my message
0	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	Can I get the product to come faster?
1	This is not helping.	this is not helping
1	my order is cancelled	Why my order is cancelled?
0	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	I want to track my package via tracking number
0	My product did not come. the time is over.	Will I pay taxes over my purchase?
0	It never get frozen it goes to pay and it is paid instantly	order is frozen
0	i ordered pokemon cards there fake	i want to pay with two cards
0	hello seller has not refunded after 3 months of communication	Seller has not received the payment
0	After the dispute was opened the seller reassured me that it will arrive	Seller stopped to respond me after I send the goods back
0	i don't go to my address email. help me	I don't know
0	what will happen when I open dispute	What will happen after I escalated dispute?
0	what a fuck is that what are you doing there	What are you doing now?
1	would like to talk to a person	I need to talk to a person
0	how to edit shipping address	How do I add shipping address?
0	when a need to select the mind i have two time october	Need more time to check
0	I made the payment first.	I made a payment through bank transfer
0	I have received products I didn't order. I did order from another company which do not seem to be connected to you	i did not receive the order
0	how to get a seller coupon	How do I get a coupon for a discount of $25?
0	hi, the seller gave me a new tracking number. how must i use it?	Seller gave me false traceable tracking number. What can I do?
0	you can't help me you are a computer	can you help me with something
0	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	Can you order one item or does the items have to be in bulk?
0	i am trying to open a dispute but my attachment isn't loading	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
0	Is it true that I have to cancel the dispute before they can process a refund?	when I can receive refund in dispute order
0	What is an appeal?	What is a lot?
0	how many items I add in my wish list	how I can add to wish list
1	i have a cuestion	I have a problem.
0	And seller don't give my money back	I want my money back.
0	please i have a problem	i have a problem with the order
1	how to add video	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	i dont remember which one i used	i dont speak english good
0	How long is my order arriving? Is it over? Will I have the refund?	I cancelled order. How long am i to wait for the refund?
0	buyer protection time notification	Is Buyer Protection the same as Escrow?
0	sorry but you do not help me	Could you please help me?
0	I want for the seller to adjust the price with no shipping but I need the order in hold for them to fixed	I want to ask the price
1	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	My order was sent to the wrong address, what to do?
0	can i order on company name?	Can I change my shipping company?
0	how to reject the proposal	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	How do I know my product from the delivery date?	Do you do dropshipping?
0	i need developer account	I need some information
0	I brought something and they done have it, so I need my refund	I brought one dress but I did not receive my dress
1	Can I talk with a REAL person?	can i have a person to talk to
0	western union need copy of official reciepe before i pay my items can you please send me the copy	I need a copy of a receipt
1	I need tracking info	I have a problem on the order tracking
0	Please, the term of the purchase protection is over, can you return my money? Do I have to wait for the dispute? The error was in sending the site, the merchandise was not sent to Brazil. Thank you.	Can my purchase protection be extended?
0	sorry My credit card data	Sorry, your payment was not successful. No money has been deducted. Reason: Your payment has exceeded the credit limit on this credit card.
0	the seller sent wrong color	the seller sent me wrong size
0	awaiting for payment	How can i delete my Awaiting Payment orders?
0	how to edit account	How do i edit my feedback left?
0	How to deactivate my account in app?	How can I log out my account?
0	from where are your products coming?	The policies in my country are too strict for importing products from your site
0	How do I delete orders?	How do I delete items in Shopping Cart?
1	thanks for your help	give me your help
0	i need store http joi li	Why can not I find the product in a store?
0	I want to know If i can to speak with the seller before buy a product.	I want to buy a product
0	So i contact the seller i want my money back	I want to cancel this order and get my money back
0	I wanted to reach out because I am on my second appeal in 1 week	I am running out of time to leave feedback
0	are we corresponding	can we go for a date?
0	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	It takes too much time for dispute.
0	Waiting for my appeal to be verified.	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	where can I find "EDIT member profile"?	Where can I find my dispute cases?
0	Application Programming Interface	I opened a dispute and my application has already been closed
0	Hello, my payment is not going through and I know my credit card works	I paid with credit card. When will my payment get confirmed?
0	sir how to buy	How do I buy online securely?
1	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	I made two orders of the same item
0	The chat does not work	Why does not TradeManager work?
0	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	Why I cannot see my last orders?
0	i am having problems sending my id	I am having a trouble with my payment going through
0	add credit card information	Credit card type
0	I canceled after payment	can I get refund after payment has been released
0	and i know you have a large market base in nigeria	if I wear usa size large is it the same as china
0	how can i add my product for sale	How to add product to Wish List
0	I want to place an order but I cannot	I want to place an order.
0	How can I refund my money back?	how i can refund my money if my order have been frozen
0	Hello The reimbursement has been made but it still does not exist I buy but not accepted	has been cancelled because payment was not made
0	how we can shortage the delivery period and shipment process?	How can I edit my shipment address?
0	Why did my payment go through after canceling my order?	order did not go to my address
0	Hello, I would like to know how to sponsor a friend.	I would like to know what with my order?
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	why supplier does not respond
0	i want to know is that any store with that name	I want to change my name
0	in my refund status there is not showing s 'Dispute	Why my order is not showing?
0	because we travail from KSA to Egypt in this date please	I am using a debit card. There is no expiry date
0	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	I still have the problem that I do not change the product sent nok	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	please trace and i wanted a refund	I wanted to ask if I order something how long it usually takes
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	I want to put my shipping address on my account. What can I do?
0	So i contact the seller i want my money back	i want to thank you for getting my money back
0	I can not pay for my order and hope that my card has not been charged several times blindly	Can I pay my order with my Brazilian credit card?
1	So please delete my new account.	How to delete my account?
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	How can I add store to My Favorite Store?
0	The deadline to open a dispute has already ended, how do I?	I already open dispute but you close it.
1	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	I brought a product but it was confiscated by the customs authorities because it is a fake
0	I have a projector that I bought and came with a defect I tried to open a dispute and the website suggested that I negotiate with the store, I tried to negotiate, the store promised to send another projector, I did my part I resent and I did not receive th	I did not receive.
0	my order was processed without me confirming payment details	How can I find the details for my order?
1	please give phone number customer service i have problem paying for 2 days know	please do you have customer service phone
1	i am problem with my order	i have a problem with the order
0	how to remove credit card information?	How do I pay with my credit card?
1	are u a live person	are you a live person
1	how do I extend buyer protection?	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	I have a compte I don't connected	Why you don't have holidays?
0	you don't understand me	Eva did you understand my question
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	What if there are not enough search results?
0	I want to collect the order in the cart.	I want to reopen an order.
0	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	Where can I see the dispute result?
0	I wanted to buy something and in the payment options, only creditcard is available	I want to buy only one product
1	why is my order been cancelled?	Why my order was cancelled by email?
1	how to pay local currency	How do I find out how much I should pay in other currency?
0	its already an half of year	i would like to pay half with one credit card and half with another credit card
1	I am not able to open dispute	I am failed to open a dispute
0	how to use rewards points	How to use register coupon?
0	I filled out the form for appeal but I can not send it	I can not send the messages
1	how to cancel escalated dispute	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
0	just want to know exchange sizes	I just ordered something but I want to change the name for the receiver
0	how to check feedback?	How to report feedback abuse?
1	Duplicate payments to solve	I made a duplicate payment by mistake
0	Problem not solved.	You have completely solved my problem.
0	How do I delete feedback	How do I delete messages?
0	how to add video to my dispute	How do I add coupons to my order?
0	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
1	how we can shortage the delivery period and shipment process?	How can we get shorter delivery times?
0	I want to use another payment method	Why is the payment method I want to use not available?
0	how to add additional feedback in mobile	How to use coupon from mobile app?
0	How to find seller is reliable	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	Impossible to create account	I did not create this account, someone else created this account. Used my email
0	how do I place order	How do I change my order?
0	were can i find the barcode	How can I find my tracking number?
1	Them i want to a people that speaking spanish please	I am spanish
0	why not received a reward from lucky forest	Why my bank transfer is not received?
1	How do I get coupons or discounts	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	someone else know vietnamese?? I wanna oder	A transaction was made from my credit card by someone else. What can I do?
1	how do i open a dispute?	How do I open dispute?
0	how to block to block the seller	How do I find a seller?
0	i have forgot my password	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	what is order number	what is my case number?
0	why ship by air took so long?	why are you so long to process the order?
0	Have all of my orders been paid for? I got confirmation emails saying they were paid but when I click on the order it says it was cancelled due to security reasons. How many of the items in my order list are paid and how many are cancelled. Can I talk to s	I just got an email saying my order was closed from no payment. but I paid
1	The seller is not responding me	The seller is not answer me
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	I want refund because parcel is not arrived
0	need to know how I will receive my full amount of my dispute, seller only want to give me $15,00	I need know when my order deliver to me
1	So are you not able to help?	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
1	You cannot help me	you can not help me
0	How to upload picture	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	What do I do if my package is detained by customs?
0	Hi Eva! need to delete my old credit card and register a new credit card	When will you verify my credit card?
0	i need my money back on my card today	i have not received my order and i want my money back
0	I want to charge the fee.	What can I do as my country charge high taxes?
0	can u check this order for me?	Can you check the supplier for me?
0	I can not make a dispute	Is there a number I can call to make my purchase
0	can you dance for me?	can you help me with
0	i do not Understand EVA what you mean.	Ok Eva thanks very much I understand
0	Looking for suppliers	do you have regulations for suppliers?
0	how to pay china daily order	Why the order can not be shipped to China?
0	The shipment of my product has been cancelled. Can't contact the seller	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
1	how to open a dispute for complete order	How to open dispute if my order has been completed?
0	We tried to sign in for an account and the code part does not work	I am trying to use the discount code and does not work today
0	how to check coupon?	How to check my message center
1	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	I cannot log in to your account. What can I do?
1	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	Can I speak with an agent please?
0	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	When I click pay now, it is taking me to sign in page.
0	thanks for your help	Your Help Center does not work
1	extend delivery time	I want to extend buying protection
0	Hi. I have not received my products, and the status is finished now.	I have not received my money.
0	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	Can you send me a photo of you?
0	fabric on children's clothes	what's the solution?
1	I Am waiting for my refund	I am waiting for a refund. How long it will take?
0	were can i find the barcode	How can I find a store?
0	how to upload videos	Why I cannot upload photo?
0	i want to know when i will get money back. I got an email stating that seller agrees to refund	I want to cancel this order and get my money back
0	it is not letting me sign in?	Where is sign out button?
0	You cannot help me	can you help me with something
0	How can i contact a customer support via app?	I can not contact suppliers via trade manager
0	you want to know how to add passport details	I want to remove my card details
1	The seller is a cheater!	Seller is not liable.
0	how i become a seller	How do I talk to the seller?
0	terms and policy	How can I change the terms of the dispute?
0	how to chance shipping method?	How much is shipping fee?
1	hmmmmm okay thanks	Thanks for the info.
0	i am problem with my order	I am having a problem with payment
1	I cannot use my select coupon	Why can't I use my select coupon?
1	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	I want my money back.
0	unable to find the address	I was unable to make payment
0	good evening I had a problem with my credit card and the money that was in authorization was returned, have you received my payment?	I am trying to make my payment on my credit card
1	how to place the order but do not pay for it	How do I place an order?
0	how do I change coins into coupon	How do I get a coupon
0	how to add evidence to dispute?	How to add video?
0	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	I have a dispute and the company has done nothing to resolve the problem
0	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	How do I request partial refund
0	My app coins were not added. What can I do	How do I use the coins?
0	i need you to open dispute	I cannot open a dispute. I need your help.
1	leave a feedback	How can I leave a feedback?
0	the tracking number is not available, so i contacted the seller	How would I know if tracking number is available?
0	Unable to create an account	I am unable to sign in
1	i my order have been sent on may 3rd and it's still in transit. WHY?	Until now I still have not reached my order
0	I can't pay when I try to order a product and ship it to Mexico	How can I pay the product by bank account?
0	Hello. I am trying to use a discount code and it is not allowing me to input the code	I am trying to place an order and for some reason it does not let me
0	I didn't received goods but i cant open dispute	i didn't ask you that
0	I need tracking info	I do not have a tracking number
1	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier does not respond, how to proceed?
0	My money is not in my account	How can I wire my money to your account?
1	this my order number	my order number is
0	how do I extend buyer protection?	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	how to leave feedback	How do I reply to feedback?
0	Because my order never gets in hold always goes to paid instantly	The seller is always offline and is not answering to my messages
0	My order was stuck, so I opened a dispute. I won and got the refund, but now the item randomly arrived and I want to give the money back to the seller. What can I do?	I won a dispute
1	I canceled my product but there was no refund	When will refund with my order canceled?
0	how to change card	How can I change the card on file to make payment?
1	how to edit profile	How can I change my profile name?
1	Return address needed	I need to return product and need a return address
1	Contact Customer Service this option doesn't work	Customer service email
1	please trace and i wanted a refund	Please refund the money
0	i have to have a refund	How to check if I have refund or not?
0	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	Is there any tax if I want my product in India?
0	I been on this line over one hour speaking in person is better is better for me as you can see this is hard	Which shipping method is better?
0	I have a questions	can i call you and ask questions?
1	The seller is not responding me	the seller ignored me
0	ok but we don't requested the our goods in your mentioned period	I don't know
0	how do I checked order number	How do I receive the tracking number of my order?
0	why is my dispute invalid	Why the tracking number is invalid?
1	why ship by air took so long?	Why is my order taking so long to ship
0	add email address	The email address already exists
0	i still have not received my order	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
0	i want to recover deleted orders	I want to get my orders together
0	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	I accidentally confirmed receipt of the parcel, the parcel has not even arrived.
0	talked to you yesterday about my account	Can you delete my account
0	can you check my dispute?	you can check my order
0	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	What day is it today?
1	how do I report the seller?	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	Hello! I have a question about a delivery.	hello I have a problem with a store
0	Do we need to integrate a SDK for that?	How do we proceed to pay by bank transfer?
0	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	I do not have a tracking number
0	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	I paid all my orders but sellers told me that I did not paid.
0	The wireless charger l received is faulty and doesn't charge	Who is in charge of shipping charge?
0	no link here	link to confirm email was bad
1	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	I want to know my product
0	I have a problem since one day ago	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
1	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	My order is shipped but I did not receive it.
0	I filed a dispute a few days ago and the seller concluded the dispute with a refund because I had not received the item within 60 days	I sent money 3 days ago and the status do not changed
0	add videos on dispute	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	how do i reset password?	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	replace card information	Can I replace my goods?
0	card details edit	Can I edit my order?
0	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	trying to cancel an order that I paid by credit card but there is no option
0	The time of my order arrives is over, will I have the refund?	I have not received my refund for a suspicious closed order
0	Return address needed	Who will pay for return shipping?
0	how to use store coupon	How to use coupon?
0	i am not received my order	I am trying to pay for an order and it keeps denying my payment
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	What can I do if the seller reject my cancel order request?
0	i received only one shows in my order	I want refund for one finished order
0	my query is regarding my order status	i need to speak to someone right now regarding my money
1	I want to know more about the product	How can I know more about the product?
1	How do I get coupon	How do I get coupon?
0	marked order by mistake as received	My article has already been paid but it is marked as unpaid.
0	the payment write For security reasons this process can not be continued.	How can I write feedback for the goods?
0	Can you tell me if you are able to accept paypal for payments	Can you tell me the reason why I am not able to shop by Visa card?
0	sorry, you cannot help me	Can you help me?
0	Good morning, Eva. It is possible to verify a request made by me because DHL did not identify my purchase by the tracking code.	I received an email saying they froze my purchase because detected fraud
1	I want to talk with human	can I talk with a human?
0	the wedding gown i bought was too big for the bride, despite the fact that i put the size to follow	i am clever too
1	how to cancel an account?	how to cancel my account
0	because the platform is blocked is days	I cannot see the pictures for days.
1	and you hate the eva	I hate robots
0	today i saw something that i want to buy. I is on sale. the sale is due to close now. I cannot buy because I cannot log onto the site. What can I do?	I wanna buy something but I cannot buy it. What should I do?
0	wait... let me show u a snapshot...	It does not let me login
0	how to check coupons?	How to check the website in Russian?
1	Need some live help please?	i need a live representative please
0	i need developer account	I need to return product and need a return address
1	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	How do I change the shipping address?
1	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call
0	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	I didnt receive a single order that i made from Apr	i have just made an order
0	how do i see coupon	How do I use seller coupon?
1	How do i extend buyer protection	I want to extend buying protection
1	Iam seeing no where to contact customer service	send me a customer service email contact
0	how to upload evidence	How to add video as my evidence?
0	Closed dispute in favor of the store	Why my order is closed for Dispute Finished?
0	who will reimbursement seller on aliexpress	supplier changes Express company
0	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I did not take a refund of the order number
1	Can u please help me	Please ， help me Urgently
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	It has frozen the order
0	OF THIS YOU HAVE NOT BEEN MADE YOU MUST PAY	Do you pay shipping
0	hello my dear friend	I just broke up with my boy friend.
0	also I can't open other pages with such goods	I want to ask if all sellers are from China? Or are there also other sellers
0	my last commande i buy this	I got married and my last name is changed now
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	I want to sell your products
0	SIR I PAY HAND TO HAND	Can I pay in installments?
1	Please investigate my problem	please read my question
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	i want to get human
0	how do i confirm the order?	I confirm order before I got it. What can i do?
1	HE CAN SPEAK IN SPANISH?	I do not speak English only Spanish
0	I know the web site is english. I already use chat and the people was able to understand me.	I do not really understand English is it possible to Russian
0	unresolved refund status	Product status awaiting receipt
0	I bought a product that was sent by China Post Registered Air Mail and the 20 days does not receive update how do I contact the service?	how do i contact customer service
0	SPSR shipping method	I want to know the delivery time of each shipping method
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	how do i email for an answer
0	i have received it	I have not received my parcel
0	Hi! How fast can you ship to Norway?	How can I ship to China?
0	I have a compte I don't connected	I don't want to speak with a robot.
1	I need a real person to chat	i need a live person to chat with
0	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	I want to know if a seller is trustworthy?
0	how do i delete my account	How do I delete my negative feedback?
1	no i can not hardly with customer attention	what number can i call for customer service here in the US?
0	You people are not treating me right	do you like me
0	should i take the package by myself?	If my package was lost by the shipping company, who should pay for my loss?
1	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	I have already paid for my order
0	My Order List	How do I delete My order list?
0	how to reply to dispute	i emailed customer service. how long does it take to reply?
0	I want to know, what happen with my causes?	I give my feedback. What will happen?
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	hello, i have 3 cancelled orders and i still have not receive my order	I have paid for my orders but the sellers have cancelled my order
0	How can I do?	How can I do an exchange?
1	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	the seller does not give me answer my request.
0	how to use select coupon?	How to use a coupon in order?
0	my email is	email on support
0	I want to close a dispute	I already open dispute but you close it.
1	I need a real person for help	Can i speak to a real person?
0	THE SYSTEM SAID DELIVERY FAILED	I failed to pay with visa. What is wrong with system?
0	what time is it?	what will be the GMT time of
0	What is my payment status?	Can I cancel my order if the order status says Payment Processing?
0	I can`t see my order	My order shows that I have not paid, but I can see the payment on my bank account
0	how do I do?	How do I sign in?
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	I paid 2 times for the same order. What can I do?
1	Hello, I've a problem with my Order. Can you help, please	I've a problem with Order Number
0	I am trying to pay for my order. Can I pay with iDeal?	Can I change my order after pay for it
0	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	What's your work time?
1	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	why delivery period increased	Seller increased price after order
1	add new address	I want to add my address in my account
0	i received an item today that I have been issued a refund. how can I pay now?	How can I have the refund?
1	Hello, please help me ASAP	Could you help me please
0	How do I add and manage products in Shopping Cart?	How long the products can be kept in Shopping Cart?
0	How to get reward points	How to get the tracking number?
0	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	i have been trying to uninstall TradeManager from my computer but always failed
1	My product did not come. the time is over.	I paid for my order but did not come
0	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	Today I have placed an order as a guest but have not received confirmation.	I have placed order but they said transaction closed.
0	I didn't received goods but i cant open dispute	i cant speak english
0	I HAVE A PURCHASE ON YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE REGISTERING, AT THIS TIME THE ORDER IS BUGGED IN THE CUSTOMS AND DHL NEEDS THE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER.	I would like a catalog of the items for purchase on you website
1	how can i use american express	Why you do not accept American Express credit card?
0	i cannot pay for my item	i want my item
0	how to use rewards points	How to use shopping cart?
0	Hi, I need your help. I would like to open dispute, but the order is finished and it's more than 15 days since I confirmed the receipt so it's not possible to open dispute. Is it still possible to open dispute for the reason that the item is not wo	I want to open dispute
0	I want to buy this machine and have it delivered to germany	I want my order to be delivered in China. Is it possible?
0	How can I add paypal	How can i add user in my chat
0	I filed a dispute a few days ago and the seller concluded the dispute with a refund because I had not received the item within 60 days	I have not received payment within 10 days
0	how to check membership level?	How to check the website in Russian?
0	how to deactivate my account?	How do I sign in my account?
0	i can not sign in	How do I sign in?
1	I need a real person, please	I want to talk to real person
1	May I speak with a Human please?	Do you have a 1-800 number so that I may speak with a live person?
0	and then the item would disappear from my cart	How can I move wish item list to my cart?
0	change password in app	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
0	i have attached all documents	I have place many orders pending of payment. I want to pay all of them together.
0	How to upload MP4 in dispute	How can I upload the file?
1	are a live person	i need a live person to chat with
0	I brought a wig and they said they done have the inches I put in for now need my money back put they done want send me my money	i have not received my order and i want my money back
0	but there is no email address to send?	You sent me an email canceling my payment because the seller was doubtful
0	and have not received the item yet	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
0	my order was processed without me confirming payment details	an order may close without me having confirmed receipt
0	where is this Appeal button?	The open dispute button is blocked.
0	shipment was cancelled	shipment takes very long
1	how to find a product?	Can you help me find the product on the site?
0	i can't log in the forgotten password link doesn't work	I cannot log in my account, there is no field to write my email and password
0	Still not there either	my order is still waiting to be shipped
1	the seller have other behavior	I have a problem with a bad seller
0	you want to know how to add passport details	I want to know how to find the product
0	but my seller not reply	Im confused with your reply
1	problem with the bad seller	I have a problem with seller
0	i cant track my orders	i cant call you
0	Can i introduce a friend?	Can I visit you
1	ok, thank you. I ordered this sunday. Means I have at least one month to see what will happen. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day and best wishes from Turkey	ok thank you very much
0	How old are you	How do I bring up old orders?
1	i still have not received my order	Until now I still have not reached my order
1	i cancelled an order and i need my money to go back on my card immediately	Can I get my money back when the order is cancelled?
0	i'm having a problem with appeal	I am having problem logging in
0	how to open dispute in app	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	i ordered a phone, its broken	i ordered product
0	how to change currency in pkr.	How Currency Converter
1	really need a human to talk to	I need speak to a human
0	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	Why can not I have my account disabled?
0	how i become a seller	How do I contact seller?
0	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	Why my payment needs verification after it has been accepted?
1	how to contact customer service	how to contact customer service
1	why coins not added	I do not have my coins
0	this is getting no where	I have tried to pay for this order with a business card and keep getting declined
0	this isn't helping	I don't know.
0	What is Easy Returns?	What is the time there?
1	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	Why I need to pay again?
0	SPSR shipping method	Is there any method to contact the seller?
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	How do I request a refund?
1	cash on delivery is available	Can I pay with cash on delivery?
0	The seller is not refunding me	the seller lied to me
0	i have a problem with seller	I have not received my refund from the seller
1	how to deactivate my account?	how I can deactivate my account
0	i want to know my refund payment status	I want to know the status of my dispute
0	Can I write in german, please?	Can I speak with an agent please?
0	how I can contact with the factory person?	How can i contact a customer support in person via phone?
0	The payment was by ticket	What is Awaiting payment?
1	I had received the order, I dont need refund.	I received my order after refund
0	how to make an appeal	How do I make payment with TEF?
0	How to exchange points to coupon?	How to get a coupon back?
1	I request dispute	I want to request refund
0	I made a purchase, send it to the wrong address, and it looks like it will return, how do I get my product	How do I return product?
0	i opened a dispute	I opened an dispute and the seller accepted.
1	my order isn't being processed	I need know if my orders are processed?
1	Hello, I wish to know the status of my dispute	I want to know the status of my dispute
0	Problem not solved.	Oh i have a problem
0	Contact your reseller in his name Yvone Lee	How do I edit a contact name?
1	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	The supplier has shipped my order to a wrong address
0	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	I want to change my name
0	I want to send an email	Do not want any e-mail notification to inform
0	where can i find my barcode	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
1	how to get a seller coupon	How to get seller coupons?
0	how to set new shipping address	How can I edit my shipping address?
0	Why u are not saying anything	Why I got an email saying it got canceled?
0	But money send	After the transaction was cancelled, why system not send my money back?
1	i accidentally cancelled my order	My order was cancelled. How do I retake it?
0	but i cancel within minute when i raised the order	When will you cancel my order?
1	how to apply warranty	What are warranty products?
0	my order status is closed wahy???	My order was closed for security reason.
0	My forms and documents are not going	I am trying to add items to my Shopping Cart and it is not going in
1	how to use paypal	Can I use PayPal to purchase my items?
0	I filled out the form for appeal but I can not send it	I can not send a message
0	Turkey is above 30 euros from property taxes to Drews can be a measure of how you will	How can I unsubscribe the email from you?
1	Why can't I place an order	I cannot place an order.
0	What happen if I close a dispute	I left feedback. What will happen?
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
1	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	I was charged twice for the same order
0	Why I cannot send message to seller?	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	Why my order is Awaiting Shipment?
1	i am following up my case	I wanna know the status of my case
0	seller shipping address	The shipping address is not available
1	remove my card details	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	its telling your account is suspended	trying to sign in and it is telling me service is unavailable
0	Good morning, I would like to know how to be an affiliate and sell the products	I would like to know how I can cancel my order.
0	I was charged for an item I thought I purchased but never received it and can't find a trace of in on my orders	Why I was charged twice for one item I purchased?
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	How can i add user in my chat
0	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	How can I pay all my orders with one payment?
0	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	what should i do?
0	Today I have placed an order as a guest but have not received confirmation.	i have been placed my order and have not received it
0	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	I made a dispute one month ago but it is still in processing. What can I do?
0	how we can shortage the delivery period and shipment process?	We currently cannot process business card
0	I have to many problems with your buyers	Can I contact other buyers?
0	I mean did you take tbc here	how long will it take to get here?
0	do you want watch voor me	do you marry me?
1	how to report the seller.?	I want to report seller
0	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	I have returned my order but the order has already been completed.
0	i want to know my refund payment status	I want to know the mediation status.
0	this my order number	I cannot find my order number online
1	I thought this was supposed to be a live chat?	i thought this was online help?
0	how to change price	How do I get a price for an item?
0	Sorry but it's too much for you to make it human, you say a lot of repeat phase!	Sorry, you are not authorized to log in this account.
0	there is no link to click	I received the email for my registration but I could not view verification link to click on it?
1	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	My package has been to a different delivery address.
1	i have a problem with the seller	I have a problem with seller
0	I want to confirm that I received the merchandise and I'm happy with it but i can't log in	I am so happy today.
0	how can i pay with ideal	How can I pay for frozen order?
0	How to verify your account	How long does it take to verify documents?
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	I placed an order
0	dealer name Yvone Lee	what's your name
1	how to check if seller is reliable.	How do I find reliable sellers?
0	how to add video to dispute?	how to add friends by TM
0	I forgot the security question	How do I get a 3D security code?
0	What does "Waiting Receipt" means? Isn't payment OK?	OK WHAT I HAVE TO DO
0	how to change phone number	customer service phone number
0	how to manage feedback	How to manage my orders?
0	so i waited for 2weeks	so what i have to do
0	marked order by mistake as received	Why was my order marked suspicious?
0	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	I have ordered an item
1	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	i order product i never received
1	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	Do you accept Discover card?
0	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	I have escalated an order and have not been updated in over a week.
0	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	I cannot place the order from Washington state
0	lost my phone number	I cannot add my phone number
1	I didn't receive my order?	I paid for my order but did not come
0	I did not receive my order but tracking says it delivered	I just placed an order but did not receive a confirmation
0	i am having problems sending my id	Having problems sending messages to sellers
0	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	I want to make the payment by western union what should I do?
0	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	Is there any notification to me if the refund has been transfer?
1	hello can you help me please have you time	can you help me with something
0	You're a robot?	are you a real person or a robot?
0	and will they all be the same design	How do I pay all at same time?
0	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	I cannot upload the attachment
0	I want to pay but i do not want to pass my card i guess i did not buy longer, i tried to re-enter the data card's visa and scream until 07/19 and it was not over again	i want to pay with my bank card
0	I brought a wig and they said they done have the inches I put in for now need my money back put they done want send me my money	Why I put stuff in my cart but now they are gone?
0	What are the shipping method?	What is the cost for shipping to China?
1	how can help me	can u please help me?
0	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	I do not have the MTCN number
1	contact the seller?	How do I contact seller?
1	How to upload picture	i do not know how to upload pictures
0	is the dispute for redemption does not work	Why does not TradeManager work?
1	I have no pay without paypal	How can I pay without having a Visa or Mastercard?
0	how to get the order number?	How to get a refund for a canceled order?
0	buyer protection has ended	buyer protection fee
0	How to cancel product?	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
1	Can you talked to me	can you help me?
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	i wanted to know the order status
0	I bought a coat on April 28 forgot the email and the password I have already paid for the credit card, and I have already made the order, follow the link of the product purchased	How do I cancel the order if I have already paid?
0	i order a coat for the past winter and from jan. the buyer doesnt understand that its too small on me and doesnt want to give me a refund with a lot of stupid causes help me please	Please help me to track my order.
0	ship back address	ship to somewhere else
0	it said: tracking details will be available in 10 days	Are you available?
0	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	refund has not been received. has been more than 10 days
1	How do I exchange app coins	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
0	what all doing	all your answers are irrelevant
1	I want to talk with a person	I want to talk to real person
1	how to change currency in pkr.	How do I change to other currency?
0	how do i open a dispute?	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
0	how can i trust seller	How can I contact seller?
0	how to pay using idea	How do I pay for my order using western union?
0	I still have the problem that I do not change the product sent nok	please let me know
0	Can you cancel?	Can I cancel order in Payment Processing?
1	i will contact my bank i dont know what is 3D secure code	How do I get a 3D security code?
0	Didnt say anything about email	I just want to say Hi.
0	hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a random page?	I have a question about a dispute
0	coins are not added	How to change my coins for coupon?
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	Where can I see the recipient?
0	how to send image	How can I send a question to a seller?
0	its already an half of year	What if I already paid?
0	Hello! Is it posible to see what rewiews sellers have given about me? Where can I find the rewiews?	I cannot see the product what media find
1	how can i contact the seller	How do I contact seller?
0	I have not received my goods	How can I exchange goods that I have received?
1	i just want my fucking password	I lost my password
0	They send me that	you send me first letter but there is no verification link
1	how to report your seller	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
1	How to pay using Boleto	How can I pay my order by boleto bancario?
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	Can you stop sending the spam emails to my register account? It is annoying.
0	could u plse check if refund is due	could u please call
1	I closed the dispute because seller promised return my money, if I didin't get order 15 days, time was out, and now he didin't return my money	When will I get my money for a closed dispute?
0	I want the money as soon as I will not try again or buy anything from you	can you send to my country if i buy from you
0	can i ask my goods	I have not received my goods, what can I do
1	how to change card	How do I change my credit card number?
1	What does it mean: Your order will be closed in?	What does an order has been closed mean?
0	I cannot see western union option on mac checkout page	Where do I get the checkout page?
0	how can I file for an appeal	How can I change the card on file to make payment?
0	The payment was by ticket	What is payment proof?
0	Why did my payment go through after canceling my order?	Did my last transaction go through?
0	Where can I use my refund?	I can not use my coupon
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	I placed my order and the seller asked to cancel.
0	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	I would like to know why my order was canceled.
0	where is the "here?"	Where is help?
0	dear i want not buy. its for place a order and the seller can change the price	I want to place an order.
0	Can can send my email	Can not send a message
0	i need helper	I need to return product and need a return address
0	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	How can I move wish item list to my cart?
1	Need some live help please?	Please put me to live chat
0	Hello I am havin this message when trying to buy something For system security reasons, we need to verify your identity. Please check your email within 24 hours for instructions regarding additional information to provide to us to complete the verification	I need your help
0	I bought the wrong product when the money is due	When will I receive the money?
1	Hi. I have not received my products, and the status is finished now.	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
1	I just want to remove credit card from site	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	Hello, my credit card expiration has expired and I can not find anywhere where the new card data can be overwritten. Could you help me?	Could you let me know which card I used?
0	For example this store, How to find the item ship from USA	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
0	I can not make an appeal	How can I make payment with my coupons
0	Cancelled Orders Finished means	When will I receive a refund if the orders have been cancelled?
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	I send different suppliers into one single shipment
0	i need to know the way to use it... like credits or something	I would like to know the feedback of a seller.
0	how to change coins to coupon	how to use coupon again
0	I have ordered with an incorrect email address	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
0	I can not take your tablet. I need to bill the tablet.	I need to talk to someone will not take my password
0	why to put card details again?	Why I put stuff in my cart but now they are gone?
1	seller has not ship my order	The seller refuse to ship my order
0	can not login my account	Can you delete my account
0	How to edit profile?	How can I edit my shipping address?
0	why I cannot use coupon	Why can't I use my seller coupon?
0	Today I have placed an order as a guest but have not received confirmation.	What if I have not received the order and click on confirmation?
1	I placed an order and canceled but I was deducted. can you confirm if my money will be reversed to my account?	One of my order was canceled by seller. how can i receive my money back?
1	I canceled my product but there was no refund	My purchase has been canceled and I want a refund
1	I want to talk with human	I want to talk to you
0	How to place order?	How can I place an order in specified size?
0	nice meet you too	Have a nice day.
0	I can not use a coupon or get discount.	How can I use my discount coupon? What should I do?
0	What is Easy Returns?	What is TradeManager?
0	this is online chat?	are you online?
1	hello i have tried many times to get my money back	How can I get back my money?
1	Can not pay in cash?	Why can't I pay in cash?
0	Do I need to pay custom duty	Do I place a custom order?
0	how to get the order number?	How long to get an order that is placed today
0	how to leave additional feedback	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	Why am I expected to pay return shipping costs if it has been determined that the seller sent me the wrong items?	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
1	my shipment is cancelled	There is no information for my shipment at this time.
1	can I speak to a human being?	can i speak to a person?
0	and then the item would disappear from my cart	I cannot put more than one item in my cart
1	I cannot sign in?	I cannot sign in
0	Can can send my email	Can you check my email address?
0	how many days to get a refund	How many days I will receive my order?
0	How to response my dispute case	Why no response after escalate dispute?
0	How do I use Warranty Service?	How do I contact service team?
1	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	Why is my order not here yet
0	how to find an order number	How can I find my tracking number?
0	A product does not match and does not work	my password does not work
0	Hi I like to know if a seller needs me to send back, how does she refund me the delivery fees plus cost of the dress as I am using Singapore registered mail?	Seller stopped to respond me after I send the goods back
0	i can't open the dispute because i have a message telling me that i have to wait for the seller to send the package but the seller told me to open the dispute because the package was stopped by customs	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	but I sent you a video!!!!	I sent a query but no response
0	I feel like I talk with a robot and I don't like this.	I feel upset.
0	always refunding progress	I send a lot of messages to seller but always no response!
0	i dont remember which one i used	I never used my coupon.
0	Ryley knows my problem	There is a problem in changing my profile name
1	how to check buyer protection	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
1	I have not received the shipment	I have not received the shipment of order
0	my email is	How to verify my email address?
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	Why you do not accept my credit card?
0	What is buyers protection	What is the time there?
0	how to pay via western union	I paid via Western Union, how can I receive the refund
0	how to update mobile number?	How to get the tracking number?
0	I would like to know about an object that I bought and that I can not access the tracking by the code	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	I don't need automatic answers.	I don't have more questions
0	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	Why I get an email that my order is canceled?
0	hello! may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	May I know support email?
1	I cannot make an account and I want to track a package	I would like to track my package
0	Good morning, I would like to know how to be an affiliate and sell the products	would like to know how will receive a refund
0	I have questions about details of a product	I am new to this and have a few questions that i prefer to speak to
1	Who will bear the shipping cost?	Who is in charge of shipping charge?
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	i have cancelled the order and it shows Awaiting Cancellation
0	having trouble logging in	I am having trouble with one seller. What can I do?
1	i want to be connected with a real person	i want to talk to a real person
1	how do i contact your seller	I do not have the seller contact information
1	I need to know my order status	How do I know what the order status is
1	can i talk to a customer service team	I coudn't reach your service team
0	see above question	I want to ask a question
0	how i become a seller	How do I send a picture to seller?
0	What I cannot get coupons when I exchange coins?	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	Hi i need top ten items sold in 2017	hi i need to tell u something about my order
0	delete credit card	How to pay with credit card?
0	i havent received my goods yet	I already made payment but not yet received email confirmation
0	my order return to you?	when will you send my order
0	replace card information	What is contact information?
0	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	My package was shipped the wrong method
0	Hi I want to buy something but seller have to adjust price, my system goes automatically and does not allow for seller to adjust please help	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	I want to cancel the extra shipping charge for the item I bought.	I want to return the item
0	is there any extra charges for refund	the seller change Carrier without telling me and now he want me to pay extra charges
0	one package for the order	I placed an order through one of your sellers
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	Why my order is closed?
0	number will received	I have not received the order and the tracking number given is wrong.
0	I need top ten items sold in 2017	What does sold by piece mean?
1	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	are you a live person or a computer
0	what will happen when I open a dispute	what happen when my order get frozen?
0	hi, i got an email that my order has been cancelled, but i already paid for it	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
0	how to get boleto refund	How do I get refund by Yandex?
1	you're a computer?	are you a computer program?
1	I wanna buy something product but very difficult, how to pay money	I wanna pay the seller
1	how to report the seller.	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	How to exchange points to coupon?	How can I exchange goods that I have received?
1	i am problem with my order	I have problem with my order
0	FEW MINTS I GIVE ORDER BUT I GIVE MONEY HAND TO HAND	How can I give stars to my purchases?
1	Will be able to assist me?	Are u able to help me
0	How can I find sellers feedback in me, in the app (android)	How do I use Store Numbers to find sellers?
0	How do I apply the Warranty Service?	How do I apply for Freebies?
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please.	I have not been repaid for a cancelled order
0	how to fi	How to complain?
0	I need an assistance with my order	I need cancel my order
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	How do I get a price for an item?
1	how to response in my dispute case	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	nice to meet you too	You are a nice girl.
1	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	my purchases were send to a number different from my home.
0	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	Why I have not received any update in my dispute?
0	How Do I change my password	How do I change my phone number?
0	Where to find a postal identifier	I did not find where to send the proof of payment.
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	I paid for my order but now it is suspicious
0	I want for the seller to adjust the price with no shipping but I need the order in hold for them to fixed	I want a price on some products.
0	can i not give you my tracking number and you check?	can you give me a telephone number?
0	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	How can I contact you?
1	one package for the order	Could you send me all orders in one package?
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	I have canceled my order. How long will cancellation take effect
0	what all doing	no help at all
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	I want to add my address in my account
0	I want to use another payment method	I want to cancel an order and use the money to pay for another order
0	the same thing happen to me with the chinese sellers on EBAY	How do I purchase from different sellers and it shipped at the same time?
0	I wanted to buy something and in the payment options, only creditcard is available	Western Union is not among the options of payment
1	I have not receive my money yet	When should I receive my money back?
0	we do not need remove please we need person can understand me	We do not have area code.
1	where can I find "EDIT member profile"?	How can I edit my profile?
1	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	I cannot see the tracking of my order
0	I need to access my mobile orders on my PC	I am trying to get access to my account but it will not let me.
0	you can reactivate a canceled order?	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
1	I want to speak with the worker	I want to speak with Live Chat
0	Closed dispute in favor of the store	I accidentally closed the dispute
1	talk with human	i need a human
1	someone used my account	Someone used my email address to open an account
0	i make the payment but no shipment yet	Why I cannot make the payment with credit card?
0	verify the email	When will you verify my credit card?
0	I can not make an appeal	I can not make out where to read messages
1	Money has not been paid	Order has been paid, and the site shows not. What to do?
0	i email the seller already	It says this email already exists
0	Problem not solved.	How dispute can quickly be solved?
1	I need a real person for help	I want to talk to real person
1	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	I have already paid for my order
1	i want to ship the order in china	I want to ship to China Mainland
0	Remove card information	Why will not this site accept my visa debit card information?
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	Can I get free shipping?
0	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	Who will pay for my buyer protection service as a buyer?
0	i was in touch with someone but i haven't heard back	How can I get in touch with the seller before buying?
0	I cannot upload a video	I cannot upload attachment.
1	the order just never gets processed	i pay my order but not processed yet
1	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	I placed order twice and want to cancel one.
1	The seller advertise wrong price	Seller increased price after order
0	when my cancelled	When will I receive my refund for cancelled order?
0	and I have not received any mail in the past 24 hrs	Do not want any e-mail notification to inform
1	how do i talk to service team	I coudn't reach your service team
0	I had received the order, I dont need refund.	Why I have not received a refund for order
1	Can I talk to someone without being a machine?	I need someone to talk to me in Portuguese
0	i havent received my goods yet	I have not yet received the item but the confirmation time out.
1	can you find my order number	How can I find my order number?
1	i cant log in. i created my purchase with the wrong email address.	I entered the wrong email when I created an account
0	for redemption says i'm out with the days	Why it says buyer send goods timed out?
0	how to link my card?	I got the email to verify my account but there was no link
0	I want more wide walking shoes, width to be E, EE, EEE, EEEE	I ordered Nike shoes and accept it
0	how do i open a dispute?	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	upload picture on feedback	I cannot upload documents.
0	how to remove credit card information?	how to remove my order?
0	how to edit profile	How can i delete my profile?
0	how to exchange coins	How do I exchange the item for the right size?
0	today i saw something that i want to buy. I is on sale. the sale is due to close now. I cannot buy because I cannot log onto the site. What can I do?	I cannot buy
0	my demand in not including anything you or your system wrote	Is there anything that you want to tell me?
1	how to add items in cart	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	done all of that	Boleto payment already done
0	How do I cancel my credit card details	How do I revise my dispute details?
0	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	i ordered some products and received a size smaller.
0	Hi Eva! I need to delete my old credit card and register my new credit card	If I use my credit card, is it secure?
1	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to change my order to a different order
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	I want to confirm that I have received my order
0	I did not receive the refund	I did not receive my order
0	Can I pay to an account? maybe they can give it to me	Please call me.
0	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	My money has been taken out from my bank but I did not get confirmation
1	how to contact customer service.	how do i get to customer service
0	I submitted the appeal and it was disputed successfully	how can I see my messages that is submitted
0	I am trying to update my expiry date on credit card and it wont accept it	What if I do not have an expiry date on my debit card?
0	how to get app coins?	not get Coupon after download APP as new user
1	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	My email address has been stolen, what can I do?
0	How to choose shipping method	How can I change shipping method?
0	Is that Phone free?	Is buyer protection free?
0	is there somebody?	Somebody used my credit card.
1	do you speak portuguese?	do you speak english?
0	luffy can I have the address or direction puffy gave me yesterday	When order i gave you a wrong address
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	the reply does not open up in the messages center
0	I am asking how to combine orders for payment if the order is still in my cart	I am still waiting for my partial refund for this order
0	how do i check my reward points	How do I check my order shipment?
0	can you please tell me when my orders will be delivered	can orders be delivered to my country?
0	add new shipping address	How can I add my P.O box in shipping address?
0	I don't know English	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	good evening I did not receive a parcel because it was handed over to another person I opened a dispute but the seller insists that the parcel is in customs and is in the hands of a carrier But I contacted the customs and posters, the parcel was delivered	Why I cannot track the parcel?
0	cancel order	I want to cancel payment.
0	You're saying same things. The buyer protection has ended. I didn't receive my order.	Who will pay for my buyer protection service as a buyer?
0	the order is under the wrong email	they send the order in a wrong address
0	Have all of my orders been paid for? I got confirmation emails saying they were paid but when I click on the order it says it was cancelled due to security reasons. How many of the items in my order list are paid and how many are cancelled. Can I talk to s	How many items can be in my Wish List?
0	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	The order was made, I have not received the parcel. Why?
0	is your site secure	Your site does not offer english language
1	I cannot response to claim	I cannot enter to filed claim
0	The robot will not help me	place help me
1	hello some can help me	can you help me with
0	i want to ask my order	I want to ask the price
1	hi, i see this link but i have question.	I have question for you
0	I did not change my address. After collecting my additional money, I was told that the seller does not ship to my region.	I am told my email address is incorrect
0	OK OK OK	OK WHAT I HAVE TO DO
1	cash on delivery is available	Can I purchase by cash in delivery?
0	i accidentally cancelled my order	My order is cancelled and I want my money back.
1	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	seller reject my refund request.
0	alright. Moving goods within the EU does not have to pay taxes if the seller has already paid taxes.	How much taxes to pay?
0	how to use seller's coupon?	how to use coupon again
0	The tracking number doesn't update	Is order number as the same as tracking number?
0	hello, I was issued a refund for an item not received and now it has been delivered. What can I do to pay?	can I get refund after payment has been released
0	How to check my wishlist	How do I check my order
1	cannot leave feedback	Why there is no button to leave a review?
1	I want to call	I want to call you
0	my email is	Cannot verify my email
0	i havent received my goods yet	I accidently clicked item received but it did not come to me yet.
0	waiting for reply	Im confused with your reply
1	yes, havea problem	yes i need your help
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	Why I had an order canceled?
1	you can not help me	you can not help me
0	please to meet you too	could you answer me in English please?
1	how i print invoices	how do I print out invoice for my order?
1	refund and return	How do I return this item for refund?
0	how to upload videos	i do not know how to upload pictures
1	please initiate chat	chat with a people
1	how do i contact your seller	How do I contact seller?
0	i ordered pokemon cards there fake	can I pay with 2 different visa cards
0	no shipment refund	What is partial shipment?
0	so tell ,e the store	It is so difficult.
1	I only paid the same order twice	I paid twice for the same item. what can I do?
0	why ship by air took so long?	Why the refund takes so long?
1	How to upload picture	I need a function to upload photos
1	Where do you live Eva?	Where do you live?
0	how i can verified my account	Can I find verified seller?
0	i have a problem with seller	The seller do not have the product i paid
0	i talk with saller and he say me for whait this 69 days for he resolved my question	My supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	How do I use Select Coupon?	How do I use my $10 coupon?
0	how do i reset password?	How can I reset my security question?
1	Walle, How can you type so fast	You reply very fast.
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	Why I am not able to place an order?
0	i my order have been sent on may 3rd and it's still in transit. WHY?	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	delivery time filter, you can specify	Where can I specify the size?
0	How to find the item ship from USA	Which city do you ship from?
0	The product in Shopping Cart disappear. What can I do?	What the shopping cart is used for?
1	done all of that	i have done that
1	How do i report the seller	How do I report a seller?
0	save card information	It will not save things to my wish list
1	I produced the video of the second faulty flashlight	How to add video as my evidence?
0	this is getting no where	I have a dispute and it is not getting solved
1	My products from the above order did not arrive, how do I?	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
1	how do I cancel dispute	How to cancel dispute?
0	Yes me too..	yes i need your help
0	So far, this chat isn't going well.	im going to kill you
0	i ordered a phone. its broken	i ordered product
0	i have a problem with the seller	I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them.
1	How can I get express shipping on my order	I placed a order and I want to do express shipping
0	There is no button to click	I accidentally click accept goods.
0	please i need to file for an appeal	How do I file a complaint?
0	where can i find my barcode	Where can I find the messages I have sent to the suppliers?
1	I have problem product	i have a problem with an order
0	but when i am not in my account, i mean when i view as guest, i can view the info page	I would like to change my account info
0	Please, I could not checkout	Why have not I seen Qiwi on the checkout page?
0	I do not want the product anymore I want my money back Please send me my refund	I want to send back the product
0	how can I check order number?	How can I find a product ID number?
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	Can I buy more than one item at the same time?
0	I didn't receive my order?	Why did not I receive my order in my email?
0	I can not make a purchase	How do I make an installment purchase?
0	I know the web site is english. I already use chat and the people was able to understand me.	I am not able to chat with sellers
0	how do I change coins into coupon	How do I delete coupon?
0	my order will be return?	Seller asks for PayPal to return my money.
0	How to I pass a appeal	can you pass me to real human?
0	how to upload picture to dispute	I cannot see the picture
0	how to add item to your wish list	How do I add store to wish list?
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	I want to buy a product
1	i want to be connected with a real person	i want to chat with a real person
0	reasons for cancellation	Why the order closed for security reasons?
0	I'll talk to you later then	you talk too fast
0	i need help to login	I need help.
0	its telling your account is suspended	I am no longer for business, can you have my account suspended?
0	The item I ordered is faulty it broke a piece of my car on first use	Can this item be ordered in a custom size?
1	i need help with	i need help with a transaction
0	I just read that you have rejected my appeal!	i have just made an order
1	How do I add and manage products in Shopping Cart?	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	how can I check order number	How do I add a PO number to my order,
0	can you read?	How can I read the feedback written about me?
0	Read all messages related to my order then solve my problem	I want to read feedback written about my order
0	how do I change coins into coupon	How do I use the coupon I got?
0	i need shipping company	Why shipping company return my parcel?
0	how to contact seller	How do I contact human?
1	when I can leave feedback?	When can I leave feedback?
0	upload picture on feedback	I cannot upload attachment.
1	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	What can I do if I forget my password?
1	Check the refund on my card.	where should I check my refund?
1	i cannot send any message to the vendors	I cannot send any messages to any seller.
0	How to reset account password	Your account name or password is incorrect
0	it said: tracking details will be available in 10 days	I have not received payment within 10 days
1	Why is the shipment cancelled	Why order has been cancelled?
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	why was my live chat put on time out
0	what will happen when I open dispute	what happen when my order get frozen?
0	Waiting for my appeal to be verified.	My order is not verified and now it is cancelled.
0	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	I want to unsubscribe from all future emails
1	can i speak to a human please	I need speak to a human
1	do you ship to iran?	where do you ship to?
0	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	Why does it say my order been closed?
1	Shipping canceled for what reason	My order was canceled, what can I do?
0	why to put card details again?	Why I need to pay again?
1	how to change currency in pkr.	How do I change the currency to British pounds?
0	i cannot use select coupon	Can I use the coupon?
0	Do you have a representative in Saudi Arabia?	do you have a body
0	HOW TO REMOVE MY CARD	how to remove old orders on my page?
0	pay for order	How can I pay for frozen order?
0	I don't see what to clock	I am not authorized to see account, what can I do?
1	What is the maximum amount of time a dispute lasts?	How much time to resolve a dispute?
0	dear i want not buy. its for place a order and the seller can change the price	I want to place order by phone
0	how do I do?	How do I unsubscribe
0	How do i add evidence	How do I add additional feedback?
0	How to delete coupon?	How do I delete a feedback?
0	l paid an extra for the delivery because i need it in the short term	charges extra to buyer
0	I had placed an order for 17 items and I received two things and the rest of the orders got cancelled as payment was not made. But the money for all the 17 items have been taken from my bank.	I want to pay for all my items with one payment
0	I still not hear Anything about mij contact we have before	Could i have contact no.
0	I finished dispute	I accidentally cancelled the dispute
0	I can not change the language to Spanish	My page is in Spanish
0	I just read that you have rejected my appeal!	can you read
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	I don't have more questions
0	Hello, I'm not a customer yet.	hello customer service?
0	but more then 20 days is happen still payment not get	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	The tracking number which I have is wrong. What can I do?
0	How to verify your account	How can I wire my money to your account?
0	I placed an order the order was not shipped I paid for the order and shipping fee I was only refunded my order fee only and shipping fee was not refunded why?	escrow fee order cancel
1	about my order	i have a question about my order
0	OMG I keep losing the conversation wtf?	I have unsubscribed from your list, however, i keep receiving them.
0	When did I cancel the canceled payment of the account?	I received an email saying my order was canceled for lack of payment
0	i am unable to place my order	I am unable to sign in
0	how do I reset password	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	If your order shows 'order cancel',	Why my order shows Frozen Orders?
0	Hello The reimbursement has been made but it still does not exist I buy but not accepted	Order has been frozen what does that mean?
0	how many items I add in my wish list	How do I delete items in my wish list?
0	how to cancel escalated dispute	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	I made two orders of the same item
0	to find my order number etc.	How can I find my tracking number?
0	If your order shows 'order cancel',	How do I track order when it shows Awaiting Shipment?
0	i did not forget pass code	I cannot pay the goods, payment does not pass
0	but i already paid for it	i am in
0	how to check coupons?	How can I make payment with my coupons
1	I want the helpline line or customer care no	can i have the customer care hotline
0	Credit card confirmation	Do not use a credit card
0	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	I never used my coupon.
1	do you speak portuguese?	do you speak russian
1	do you ship to iran?	Do you ship to iraq
0	I have contacted the seller	I have paid seller offline
0	already received product	The email address already exists
0	how I pay money?	How do I pay for my product in Brazilian money?
1	how to pay local currency	Can I pay in my local currency?
0	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find seller's email address?
0	I have a problem with the bad seller	i have a problem with the order
1	Can I call Customer service	I need contact the customer service
0	and i know you have a large market base in nigeria	Can you give me a discount if I place a large order
0	the buyer is refusing to replace damage order	Can I replace my goods?
1	please help already 20 days is done but payment not get	How do I receive a refund by credit card after 20 working days?
1	I canceled the order but have not yet refunded my money	I canceled the order, but the money I have not returned
0	how to send image using app	How to send email
0	how to put credit card number	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	how to stop seller messages	How do I delete messages?
1	are u still here??	r u there
0	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	the seller does not give me answer my request.
0	they sent me a note and ask me to appeal	I clear the cookies still keep ask me log in
0	why cant i pay?	Why can't I pay by business card?
0	will you deliver to usa	According tracking information, my order delivered in USA but I am in Philippines.
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change the address on my order?
0	could u plse check if refund is due	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	but when i am not in my account, i mean when i view as guest, i can view the info page	When am I going to get my order?
0	i want to pay the amount with gift card	I want to pay with visa card but i have a problem
0	how do I do?	How do I pay?
0	Okay thank you help I appreciate that have a nice day thanks	I have a problem. Did you help me?
1	HOW TO REMOVE MY CARD	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	I want to shipped all of my order	i wanna delete all in my order list
0	How to pay using Boleto	How do I print Boleto?
0	chinese service representative	do you understand Chinese
0	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	The seller wants to make a partial payment and asks me open a dispute
0	how to reset my account password	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
1	how can I report a fraud seller	I want to report seller
1	how to edit contact	How do I edit my phone number?
1	I don't have a real payment problem.	I don't have more questions
0	i need you to open dispute	I already open dispute but you close it.
0	how I can contact with you	How can I contact seller?
0	To click where?	Where is that at?
0	how to add items in cart	How do I delete items in Shopping Cart?
0	I just wrote my query	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
0	I hope you understand what I said	I paid for an order but it said that is still waiting payment
0	how to put credit card number	How much is credit card commission?
0	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	What can I do if seller do not respond to my cancel request?
0	Can I buy without a mobile?	Can I get goods without paying taxes?
0	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	i am having problems creating my account
0	remove card details	how to look the details of the product ordered
0	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	How do I receive a refund by credit card?
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	I paid to deliver goods by Fedex but they have sent goods to China post
1	did not receive my refund	I did not take a refund of the order number
0	please clear the cookies in your browser?	My browser blocks page
0	if i sell here, can i get the payment sent to my paypal account?	Is there any other way I can make a payment by PayPal?
1	Okay thank you help I appreciate that have a nice day thanks	thanks for help
0	I cannot see order in my car	I paid for an order but I cannot see it in my order summary
0	Good day to replace other payment card number	Why my tracking number is not good?
0	I want to do shopping how to buy	I come from
0	dispute time is over	The processing time is over, and the seller has not sent the goods
1	seller don't answer me	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	I want to know what items I bought last time
0	the seller is a lier	i have a dispute with the seller
1	a need a real person to talk to	I need to talk to a person
0	The seller doesn't respond to me. What should I do?	What can I do if seller do not respond to my cancel request?
1	Can I chat a person? Robot eva is not getting it	Can I chat with an agent?
0	Dispute in Progress means	May I know the progress of my order
1	i just have a question	I have question for you
0	I dont understand	i dont speak english good
0	May 8 send a phone to return to the address indicated and still do not know anything and nobody contacts me.	sellers do not send me my order
1	cant speak to live chat	live chat closed why
0	want to pay for item that was refunded	I want to replace the broken item.
1	are you an actual person?	are you a person or a computer?
0	can you check my dispute?	Can you make a decision for my dispute?
0	i have brought a wi fi printer from you before and i paid it via a credit card...	I do not have a credit card
0	I want to shipped all of my order	I want to cancel the order, but the sellers shipped it nevertheless
0	I already gave it but it says accept it but I did not receive my refund since I accept a refund without return of merchandise	I need to receive merchandise soon.
0	How change post code	How do I post my products to your site?
1	How do I change my email address	How do I edit my email address?
1	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	How can I exchange for a different size
1	My tracking is not working.	Why my tracking number is not good?
0	Hi Eva! need to delete my old credit card and register a new credit card	Somebody used my credit card.
0	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	I cannot upload attachment.
0	awaiting for payment	I have just paid for an order but it is still showing as awaiting payment
0	I forgot the login account id and password, what should I do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	im trying to figure out why order was cancelled	Why my order was cancelled for risk issue?
1	What is select coupon	What is Select Coupon?
0	How can I put the name of my street address?	I forgot to put my name on shipping address
1	when my pay cancelled	I cancelled my ordered when can I expect a refund?
0	I click the PAY NOW button and it says every time that there has been and erros so I cant pay my order	My dispute has been escalated for long time. What can I do?
0	how to check refund	How to check the website in Russian?
1	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	I am trying to place an order and for some reason it does not let me
0	returning a defective item	My product is defective
0	How do I cancel my account	How do I protect my account?
0	my shipment has been cancelled	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
1	my payment was failed	My payment have failed
1	please translate into portuguese	Can you speak Portuguese?
0	I have a question about taxes	please i have a question
0	Read all messages related to my order then solve my problem	if I received a error on my order. What I solve it?
1	how to extend buyer's protection	How to extend my buyer protection time?
1	Hi! How fast can you ship to Norway?	how fast i can get my order.
1	how to leave feedback to the seller	How do I leave negative feedback?
0	where d0 i get my 20%	Where can I get the phone number of suppliers?
0	how to respond to escalated dispute	How long should I wait till I get answer about escalated dispute?
1	I have to many problems with your buyers	I have a very big problems
0	can you please tell me when my orders will be delivered	can you tell me do my problem?
1	I am not able to open dispute	I am unable to open a dispute
1	How do I delete orders?	How can i delete my Awaiting Payment orders?
0	Good Morning. I paid the order ticket and without wanting to cancel it, can you activate it again please?	I already paid my ticket but it appears as I have not paid yet, what do I do?
0	No received email confirmed	An account already exists with the E-mail you submitted
1	why my order was cancelled?	Why order has been cancelled?
0	where is the dispute detail page	Where is that at?
1	how do i contact your seller	I made an order but i do not know how can I contact the seller
0	Are you able to help me?	you cant help me
0	Who is your boyfriend?	who are you?
0	remove my card details	remove my name in the transaction
0	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	i have not received my order and i want my money back
0	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	Help to solve the problem
1	how do I place order	How do I place my order?
0	How to cancel product?	How to cancel dispute?
0	it showed failed to log page	Is this page safe?
0	What is my order?	What if the seller says he lost my order?
1	exceeded number of items	Sorry, your payment was not successful. No money has been deducted. Reason: Your payment has exceeded the credit limit on this credit card.
0	you want to know how to add passport details	I want to know the product details
0	You're already putting this on all the time	please let me know
0	The item I ordered is faulty it broke a piece of my car on first use	I have ordered an item and I cannot pay it by bank transfer
1	Is not there a human to attend to?	i need a real human
0	I submitted the appeal and it was disputed successfully	How do I check if I placed order successfully?
0	I have speak with one of your colleagues and they told me that they will see	I have one question.
1	are you a real agent?	can you pass me to real human?
1	what is your phone number	What is the customer service phone number
0	Didnt say anything about email	Is there anything that you want to tell me?
0	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	I paid for seller to his account
0	i need to find my payment information	Your not really giving me the information that I need
0	You don't understand that the buyer protection has ended and I was not refunded and I didn't get my order.	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	i want to know is that any store with that name	I want to place the order from local store
0	are you bot	You are nonsense.
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	I have a debit card and I do not have an expiry date
0	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	I have to buy product, do not understand the size
0	I am from India, mumbai. any taxes or custom duty is applicable	I am from country
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	How do I know what the order status is
1	is this a fucking computer?	Is this a computer or a real person?
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	I have been waiting weeks to hear back from my complaint case
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	Why the order was canceled but not returned the money?
1	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	When can I expect my refund on some cancelled order?
0	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	I have ordered an item and I cannot pay it by bank transfer
0	Because before I was able to order hair by 3 pieces but now it's no longer possible	Is it possible to sample a product before a huge purchase?
0	please can you tell me about shipment to Pakistan	can you tell me something about the status of my orders
0	what is written on judgment is in chinese and it has taken long	my transaction has been frozen too long
0	how to have a developer account via please?	How can I cancel my order? I have made payment via Visa.
0	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	Confirm if have other problem
0	How can i get the nacional tracking code for my product?	How do I get a 3D security code?
0	so can't do bank payment if t	Do you do bank transfer?
0	No received email confirmed	Please give me your e-mail support for your site
1	yes i need help	Yes can you help
0	this is my order ID	I cannot login using my ID
0	why feedback not display	Why I cannot leave feedback for my order?
0	i have a credit card appeal	Can I use PayPal to pay as I do not have a credit card
0	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	i never confirm my order as received but my transaction is completed
1	I can't seem to edit the name that is associated with my account. Im not sure how it defaulted to a different name other than mine but i cant seem to find how to change it	How do I edit my name?
0	My order is very late, and the vendor do not reply my messages	My disputes are very slow
0	Why are my accounts blocked and I cannot sign in	I want to sign out but cannot find the button
0	HI I have been trying to pay for my stuff for weeks but it won't accept my card	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	Can you tell me when will I order my order Me 2017-05-22 12:05 hello I have already written twice that you have not received my order. And you have cheated twice	can you tell me how i can check the order status?
0	i want to change my password	I want to change my name
0	I purchased an iteam yesterday and i have been charged the iteam which is showing on my credit card statement am trying to find out why when i go into my purchase history is not showing the order number or tracking number	Why the order is not showing on my account?
0	question and answer	In my question cant get an answer.
1	How to verify your account	How to verify account?
0	What happen if I close a dispute	What will happen if seller approves dispute?
1	A product does not match and does not work	My product does not work
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	can i chat with a real person
1	I want to change the size	Can I change size I choose before?
0	i ordered a phone, its broken	is there a phone no i can call
0	the seller have other behavior	How do I know if I have to pay import taxes or other taxes
0	Wanting place an order but the system don't put it in my basket	I fail to place my order.
0	my price forward	The supplier changes the price immediately after I place my order. What can I do?
0	how many can i add to my shopping cart	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	i want to be seller	I contact a seller and want to cancel a purchase.
0	dealer name Yvone Lee	my name is
0	So i contact the seller i want my money back	I want to know about money back amount
0	Invoice amount is not the same as for orders	shipping amount is too high
1	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	I order a thing 2 months ago but i still did not get it
1	HOW TO REMOVE MY CARD	I want to remove my card details
0	exceeded number of items	I paid for items and they are not in the order list.
0	how to retrieve deleted orders	my seller deleted his page
0	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	I want to remove an appeal	i would like to remove an order
0	I can't seem to edit the name that is associated with my account. Im not sure how it defaulted to a different name other than mine but i cant seem to find how to change it	i cannot seem to be able to order
1	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	Please advise me your service phone number
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	I have not got my refund that was approved
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	This products can not be shipped to the country you select
0	Nie to meet you too	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	I can't create and sign in account. won't let me after I enter the code	How can I sign in to account?
0	This is over 30 days I guess. Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	I can not leave a message to the seller
0	its not a chat now button	Internet Explorer Script Error comes when I click on I am online chat now
0	should i take the package by myself?	how can i protect myself from fraud
1	I don't need automatic answers.	this chat is automatic?
1	how to delete messages	How do I delete messages?
0	how i can sell one product in u site	Can you help me find the product on the site?
1	customer service number	customer service number
0	my order is still processing	My order was cancelled but my money is still being held
0	i know this	I want to know coupon
0	Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Your bank rejected the transaction
0	my account is not working	My TradeManager is not working
1	How can I contact customer service	how to contact customer service
0	my order return to you?	When would you return my money? The order has not come.
0	you can not help me	can you help me with the status of order
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I don't know how to use it.
0	i cannot delete the order	I cannot make an order
0	i did not forget pass code	what happens if i forget my register account?
0	i forgot my password and security answer	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	open dispute but seller refuse to refund	The seller wants to make a partial payment and asks me open a dispute
1	the color number was L	choose the color
0	what is escrow fee	can you tell me what ESCROW is?
1	how to file a complaint	How do I file a complaint?
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	I want to return item for a refund
0	Good morning, I would like to know how to be an affiliate and sell the products	I would like to know about this order
0	How to leave feedback in seller store	I cannot leave feedback.
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	I paid via master card, how can I receive refund?
0	I paid my order several times, because?	I am having trouble becoming a member, I have tried several times.
1	cash on delivery is available	I want cash on delivery.
1	I want the helpline line or customer care no	I want customer service phone number
1	I canceled the order but have not yet refunded my money	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	Escalate Judgement from AE	The day of judgement is coming.
0	I want the item, the vendor do not reply my messages	How do I change my feedback on an item?
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	I have not got any confirmation after I paid for my order
0	I just want to remove credit card from site	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	I want to know if I am in Spain, how long I wait?
0	if i sell here, can i get the payment sent to my paypal account?	How do I set up my PayPal account?
0	I request dispute	I request a refund but the seller does not respond.
0	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	how do I remove items from my required payments list?
0	here you have order number	are you here now
0	how can I get sellers address	How can I get an invoice?
1	what is an appeal	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
1	how to file a complaint	How do I file complaint?
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	please i have a question
0	Hi Eva! need to delete my old credit card and register a new credit card	I need to change my credit card details.
0	its take too long time	How long is processing time?
1	Why are the answers automatically? I do not want to talk to the vendor.	I want to talk to an employee
1	how to use paypal	Can I use PayPal?
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	I don't know how to use it.
0	how to contact your seller	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
0	i want to pay with skrill	Can i pay with COD?
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	I have placed order but they said transaction closed.
0	It was not bank transfer	Why my bank transfer is not received?
0	Hi, I need to know how to send the producto to argentina via UPS	hi i need to tell u something about my order
1	cannot place an order?	I want to place an order but I cannot
1	May I ask a question?	may i ask u some question?
0	they suggested me to wait for a while for the conformation	Wait for my refund and the seller never responded
1	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	I have not find any tracking information
0	Hi, I have a problem, I want to return the camcorder to the warranty service, and the seller does not reply to my message	i emailed customer service. how long does it take to reply?
1	remove my card number	I want to remove my card details
1	i am unable to place my order	I am trying to place an order and no luck
0	Need some live help please?	i need some help
0	I have tried three times and I am not getting any help	I have tried to pay for this order with a business card and keep getting declined
0	Question about selling	I have a question about my coupons
0	how do i appeal my payment?	How do I find out if my payment went through?
1	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	Why my order was closed?
0	who r u	r u there
0	and i know you have a large market base in nigeria	Can I get discount if my order is large
1	i have a problem with seller	I have complains about a seller
0	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	I want to know why my credit card is charged before orders received
1	Why can't I order?	Why I cannot place order?
0	for my phone	Can I chat with you in my cell phone?
0	is it possible to export a report of all my shopping?	Why my shopping cart is empty?
0	can you dance for me?	Can you help me?
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	I have no function to reconsider feedback
0	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	It will not let me proceed with my order
0	What is select coupon	What is the coupon for VIP members?
1	please give phone number customer service i have problem paying for 2 days know	I want customer service phone number
0	hi i need to cancel my order please and need my money refunded as soon as possible	I need MTCN number to be refunded
0	I not satisfied with the dispute	I cancel a dispute, can I reopen dispute?
0	How to pay using ideal payment	How can i pay for my goods using my coupons?
0	how to reject the proposal	How old are you?
0	if an order has come back how many days i have to get the refund	how many days to deliver the parcel?
0	how to pay via western union	There is no option to pay Western Union
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	what address can I use to post it back?
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Your card issuer declined the transaction.
0	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	It won't let me submit my claim
0	how to upload evidence on dispute	i cannot upload a photo
1	I forgot my password and email, and login id	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
1	How to leave feedback on App?	How do I leave negative feedback?
1	how to use buyer protection	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
0	Can I pay to an account? maybe they can give it to me	please let me know
0	how to set the shipping address	How can I change my shipping address?
0	how to send image using app	How to use coupon from mobile app?
0	How to pay using ideal payment	Can I pay using PayPal
0	The product in Shopping Cart disappear. What can I do?	How can I recover the deleted item in the shopping cart?
0	Them i want to a people that speaking spanish please	I do not speak English only Spanish
0	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	Why my order was closed for security reason?
0	how to check refund	how to check the order?
0	really so I have to stay online for yet another half hour?	I want to put half on one and half on the other
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	I have canceled my order. How long will cancellation take effect
0	I want to confirm that I received the merchandise and I'm happy with it but i can't log in	I just received my order and I am not happy with it.
0	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	My order was closed since the payment is not made in time.
0	please answer me	You won't answer me.
0	A long time ago I forgot what my password was. I tried to get somebody to help me bust nobody would. I stopped buying things from the website.	I will buy from other website
0	i bought five cell phones and ipad	I paid and the seller disappeared
0	my demand in not including anything you or your system wrote	do product including import duties?
1	who pay tax	Will I have to pay tax
0	I have received products I didn't order. I did order from another company which do not seem to be connected to you	i did not get my order
1	are you computer?	are you a person or a computer?
0	I need change may email because I don't localize my email and I need to buy	I need email address please
1	I want to speak in Portuguese	Someone in Portuguese?
0	i cant track my orders	I want to track my order
0	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	How can I cancel my order? I have made payment via Visa.
0	How to response my dispute case	I open dispute but get no response. What happens?
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	I accidentally confirmed receipt of the parcel, the parcel has not even arrived.
0	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
1	I want to chat with a real human	I want to contact a human
1	i have not recieved my money	I have not received my money.
0	it's my third time	what is delivery time to my country
0	my query is regarding my order status	My status order is Null. What happens?
0	I would like it as soon as possible	I would like to speak with an attendant
0	Hi, I am not able to open my account	I am not able to chat with sellers
0	I just wonder when I got my order	I wonder if there is any response for my escalated dispute.
0	What I cannot get coupons when I exchange coins?	When do I get my coupons?
0	need your urgent assistance	i need your email address
1	i need help with	I need help.
0	how to upload videos	where to upload credit card statement
0	I have a compte I don't connected	Why I am connected to a Robot?
1	how to check feedback?	How do I check Feedback Profile of a seller?
1	how do i place the order	I want to place an order.
0	never mind this suck I will order at light in the box	I will never order from this company again
0	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I changed the card which paid for the order
0	done all of that	this request is on the progress, when will the refund be done?
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	I paid an order but it is still shows the same status
1	I can't open track order	I cannot track my order.
1	please send me phone number because no one can help my problem	Please give me help line number
0	I can not make a purchase	How can I make a purchase from Washington state?
0	From this store, How to find the product ship from USA	Which city do you ship from?
1	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	You customer service is not helping
1	how do i go to customer care	how do i email to customer service
0	Can I ask for help? My credit card expired, how can I enter a new card into my account and pay for it? I would like to order new goods and it is not possible. Thank you very much	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	I cancelled my refund request by mistake
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	I am unable to respond to an email sent from my seller?
1	Don't bother helping. This is not helping.	You customer service is not helping
0	how do I confirm goods?	How do I get the manual of my goods?
0	how can i change my credit card details	How can I change my contact name?
0	how to exchange coins to coupon?	How can I exchange for a different size
0	I want to use another payment method	I can not find western union in payment method
0	Hello I would like to know I have 3 coupons but I do not know how much is worth in franc thank you	i have placed 3 orders
0	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	I click open dispute button but it does not work
0	i cancelled my order with the seller already	I already paid the order
0	How long in I forgot the password	i forgot my account but i have orders
0	hi, i have a problem	I have a problem with coupon
0	how to check refund	How to check saved stores?
1	do you have a phone number?	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call
0	How to put credit card in account	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	pay for order	How to pay for presale order
0	can i talk to a customer service team	How can I contact Russian customer service?
1	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	My orders are closed and I do not know why.
0	I have problem tracking one of my order it over 15days now	i have a problem with an order
0	I bought a product and I did not receive.	I did not receive the invoice
1	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	It does not let me click Open Dispute.
0	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	I do not know how I can use my coupon
0	can anyone order from this site	How can I get repair service from your site?
0	i can't find it	How to find the product I want?
1	about my order	this is about order
0	Who is your boyfriend?	Who is your favorite person?
0	It seems an old appeal has resurfaced on my account. All the documentation has been submitted and the appeal was satisfied weeks ago. Can you please help me resolve this issue?	My account has been deactivated. What can I do?
1	i can not sign in	I cannot sign in
0	how many items I add in my wish list	How do I add products to my Wish List?
1	How to return back the item	I want to return item for a refund
0	How to find the item ship from USA in the store	how can I find the address of a store?
0	yes i did multiple orders	yes i need your help
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	Can I still use the coupons after paying?
0	before placing order	Before check system
0	OF THIS YOU HAVE NOT BEEN MADE YOU MUST PAY	Would you please custom made a dress?
0	How to Disable automatic login to russian site	wanted to disable my account
1	can not login my account	I cannot login to the account
0	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	I want to pay all products but I do not know how.
0	How to change shipping address	How do I set my shipping address?
0	They sent me a defective product. Both products are not the same. I just demand the fee.	the company did not give me a refund even though I sent the product back.
0	hi, how can I add photos?	how I can add to wish list
0	I want to be a dropshipper	I want to go to bed.
1	how no phone number i been on this service for over a hour	I want customer service phone number
0	i have to send back the item back to china	I was on holiday and my order was sent back to China
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	I cancelled my refund request by mistake
0	my shipment cancelled	Why my order is closed for No Shipment?
1	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	How can I exchange goods that I have received?
0	how to re open a dispute	How do I open dispute?
0	I would like it as soon as possible	I would like to speak to representative
0	How to input into waiting Shipment using app	how long it takes a shipment to my country?
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	can i have your address
0	not sure what 25cm by 33cm means	how can i be sure that you wont fuck me
1	what is escrow fee	escrow fee cancellation of order
0	I can not make an order	How can I make changes to my profile?
0	can not login my account	Why I can not login via Facebook?
0	how to input the order in to awaiting payment using app	How do I pay for my order using western union?
0	Hey Seller I talked with my bank, about the cancelling order I made by an mistake, they told me that you guys have to write an email to them with the details about the order and the amount so that the can free the money earlier so I can make a new order fa	How can I find the details for my order?
0	hello, I was issued a refund for an item not received and now it has been delivered. What can I do to pay?	My account has been deactivated. What can I do?
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	I would like to delete my feedback for my last order
0	I can not make a purchase	Can I purchase by cash in delivery?
0	Hello good afternoon I would like to ask a question, I made my request and waited for confirmation of it, and the page told me that the tracking would be available in 5-10 days. The days have passed and I can not trace my request, what is happening?	i would like to call i have a question
0	I don't want to lie about my reason, the item is damaged.	I want to know something about my order
0	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	I want to ask the price
0	i have some question. so tell me your email address	i wanna ask some question
0	I cant open dispute because it's delivered	I want to open dispute
1	how do I do?	HOW CAN I DO THAT?
0	I need my refund	I need an invoice for my purchase
1	hi there, I need help	i need help here
0	How change post code	How can I track parcels sent by post
0	COME TO MY BED	Does product come directly to my house or go to the post office?
1	need Artificial services	need to call
1	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	refund request status
0	My dispute is over, and now it's over, and now?	Is there discount coupon on my account now?
0	How to check select coupon	Apply for compensation (SELECT COUPON)
0	I wanna buy something product but I dont know how to pay money	I wanna pay with Euro?
0	How to Disable automatic login to russian site	How does bank transfer work on your site?
1	how to report a seller?	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	i still have not received my order	I have paid for my order for more than 7 days by bank transfer, but my order is still pending payment.
0	how to add video to my dispute	how to add to my favorite
0	what is the meaning of Cancelled Orders Finished	What can I do if the order finished when I return the goods?
0	How to add video to the dispute?	how to add friends by TM
0	want to delete your profile?	i want your boss
0	hi i want to know refund status	I want to know the mediation status.
0	Can you talked to me	how can you understand me
0	how to find a product?	I can not find the product tracking code
1	how do i change my profile?	How can I edit my profile?
0	I canceled my product but there was no refund	i want the refund for this product!
0	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	I do not have access to my account
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	Is there any ways you can combine different sellers' orders into one shipment?
0	when my cancelled	Can I get my money back when the order is cancelled?
0	how can i add my product for sale	How can I add store to My Favorite Store?
0	Hello, I would like to know how to sponsor a friend.	I would like to know how can I pay for an item?
1	how can help me	Can you help me?
0	I want to collect the order in the cart.	I do not want the order.
0	please i need to file for an appeal	I need to file a dispute but the limit time is gone. what could i do?
0	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	I just want to place the order for one item instantly
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	I would like to change my shipping address
0	I want to send you a photo for asking you if an item is available to any supplier of your site. Is it possible and how I can do that?	Can I ask any problem to you?
0	How to place the order without paying it?	I have a coupon, I do not know how to use when paying new order
0	i'm so disappointed, the last 3 product I orders on 1 in January and 2 in february still didn't arrive. From now how to have a confidence to order anything else!!!	Do you have a 1-800 number so that I may speak with a live person?
0	when my pay will cancelled	When to pay
1	how to edit shipping address	How can I change my shipping address?
0	how to change your email address	i need your email address
0	i need the last 4 digits	I am having some troubles with my last order
0	save for later	system unavailable try again later
0	I have paid twitch	I have paid seller offline
1	hello can you help me please have you time	I have a problem. Did you help me?
0	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	How do I receive a refund by Maestro?
0	will all item be shipped together	The seller has not shipped item
0	I have contacted them, but they tell me to wait a while for them to arrive. But that's not the problem. It has arrived, but defective; And they just tell me to wait for me to arrive	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
0	why seller extend the delivery period	Why I cannot extend processing time?
0	So who will provide a answer	who are you?
1	I need a real person to chat	i want to chat with a real person
0	I purchased an iteam yesterday and i have been charged the iteam which is showing on my credit card statement am trying to find out why when i go into my purchase history is not showing the order number or tracking number	Do I have a tracking number for my order?
0	What is the maximum amount of time a dispute lasts?	Can I modify my dispute amount?
0	how can i change my credit card details	How can I change my country?
0	how to find order number	How to find a table of sizes
1	seller is not not trying to refund or replace	seller reject my refund request.
0	I want full refund of products	I was told that I was going to get a full refund but they only refunded me $10
0	All my orders has this note, and it seems like its not sending..	I want to cancel all my orders.
1	can i speak to a real person?	Can I speak with a live person?
0	So how can I do that	How can I do an exchange?
0	Yes me too..	The shipping fee is too high for me
0	you can reactivate a canceled order?	How can I get my refund if my order is closed for Canceled Order?
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do I change my rating?
0	don't you understand me??	why don't you have customer care number
0	Who is the seller	who are you?
0	changing the size of item	What is the size?
0	I want to verify if my order was processed	Why did I fail to verify my email address?
0	terms and policy	Seller accepted the terms of the dispute but there was no refund.
0	how to recover old account	How can I recover my money?
1	I need contact with a real person	can i talk to a real person?
0	search for product	Can you search a product for me?
1	Can I call Customer service	i need a customer service
0	I can not change the language to Spanish	My account is showing up in Spanish, I need English.
0	how do i check my reward points	How do I check my claim?
1	regarding my order	this is my order no.
0	Hi I want to buy something but seller have to adjust price, my system goes automatically and does not allow for seller to adjust please help	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	I pressed. Click the Confirm Order Receipt button. Before the Order is sent.	If I ordered 4 items and received 2 of them, do I click confirm order?
0	can I order without mobile phone?	I need a phone number to order
0	how to get coupon?	Is it possible to get back expired coupon?
0	how to use buyer protection	How much should I pay for the buyer protection commission?
1	for customs taxes	do I have to pay any taxes to the Brazilian customs
1	hello some can help me	you can not help me
0	I want to shipped my order all	I want to clean all my order
0	so i waited for 2weeks	I am so stupid.
0	How to cancel product?	The seller does not have product but refuses to cancel order.
0	I need to know my order status	I want to know the status of my dispute
0	i have a cuestion	i have done that
0	can you ship out with 1 days shipping?	Can I buy 1 piece of product as a sample?
0	Subject: random product link/button Hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a ran	Can I put you a question?
0	i can't open the dispute because i have a message telling me that i have to wait for the seller to send the package but the seller told me to open the dispute because the package was stopped by customs	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
0	hi,I have a question. how I can send my item to china?	I have a question can you help?
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	I need a price quote
1	how to get refund boleto	When will I receive refund if I pay by Boleto?
0	I do not want the product anymore I want my money back Please send me my refund	My order is cancelled and I want my money back.
1	How do I delete feedback	I want to delete negative feedback.
0	i want to know my refund payment status	I want to find out the status of my mediation
0	how to check feedback?	How do I check a seller if they have no feedback?
1	Why did it say that I had my ordered parcel already in my post office, but it says that it's undeliverable, what is that supposed to mean? Will I get my parcel?	I contact the post office, the parcel was returned
0	where is the dispute detail page	Where do I get the checkout page?
0	why to put card details again?	I want to remove my card details
0	hello. i have submitted documentation to prove payment method but it will not allow me to buy. please unlock account	Can I send a check as a payment method?
0	i am not satisfied with the dispute	I am interested in information on the dispute.
1	leave a feedback	How do I leave feedback?
0	hello seller has not refunded after 3 months of communication	Why is my order countdown showing less than 3 days so soon after it was shipped?
1	how do I change coins into coupon	What can I do with the coins?
0	I would like it as soon as possible	I would like to place an order.
0	But you are saying anything about my refund	my order saying awaiting for receive items
0	i want to know why i cannot send message to the vendors	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
1	I want the helpline line or customer care no	why don't you have customer care number
1	how can I know what type of seeds I have received. There is only a bag of seeds in the parcel. Nothing more. I have three bags now	I have not received my parcel
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	Can I order just one item for my personal use?
0	Hi i have not received my order	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	can I change size	Can I choose this size?
0	nooo I want to buy 100 and have no shipping seller is willing to adjust price but your system does not allowed	seller does not respect shipping company
1	can you see my question?	Did you answer my question?
0	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	Can I use a money card to place an order?
1	how can i contact the seller	How do I get in contact with the seller?
0	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	Why nothing happens after I click some button?
0	You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again.	Service is unavailable, please retry again later
1	How to submit video	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	What I have to do for my seller to be able to adjust a price	I have not received my order. What can i do?
1	After 15 days, no dispute has been opened	can I get refund after payment has been released
0	will you deliver to usa	russia size from usa
0	what is my account user name?	How can i add user in my chat
0	I can't open track order	I want to track an order
1	i need shipping company	What is the name of the shipping company?
1	how to edit profile	How do I edit my member profile?
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	I cannot find my orders that were placed.
0	How to see the warranty	How can I see message?
0	I had not receive my merchandise	Do you know when I will receive it? I had paid more for delivery express
0	how can i just place preorder?	How can I use shopping cart to place order?
1	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them.
1	how canon i print the invoice.	how can i print an invoice for order placed
1	Thanks for your feedback	Thanks in advance!
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	I want to change the card data
0	I wanted to reach out because I am on my second appeal in 1 week	i wanted to know the order status
0	a colleague said he would be restored	He has sent me really nasty emails
0	I still not hear Anything about mij contact we have before	I order a thing 2 months ago but i still did not get it
0	Do we need to integrate a SDK for that?	How do we know that vendors will not lie?
0	but i use ATM	How do I use the coins?
0	Hello, I'm not a customer yet.	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
0	I want to check if they were really ordered, if do i need to cancel one of them	I want to change the order. Do I need cancel all orders and open new ones?
1	really need a human to talk to	can I talk with a human?
0	cancel awaiting for payment	Why is my payment awaiting verification?
0	I need tracking info	I would like to change my account info
0	I cant open dispute because order has delivered	I tried to open dispute for an order cannot submit
1	why my orders can not be verified?	Why the payment is not verified?
0	Hello I need to reset my password before I can add a card	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	How can I get same day shipping?
1	can i speak to a human please	can i speak with operator?
0	I tried to extend the purchase protection but seller is silent. When I try to open a dispute the system not permitted me tod do it.	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
0	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	Why I cannot see my last orders?
0	How to exchange points to coupon?	How to use register coupon?
0	how to block notification	I cannot buy any product they block me
1	hi, i have a problem	i have a problem with the order
0	Good day to replace other payment card number	What other payment options can I use?
0	I prefer en Spanish	my main page was changed to Spanish, how can I come back to English
0	no.. i was trying to view new search	Can I search by country?
1	alright. Moving goods within the EU does not have to pay taxes if the seller has already paid taxes.	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	how to use store coupon	My coupon is valid, how to use?
0	why is my order showing shipment cancelled?	My order is not showing
0	I just wrote my query	Can I order just one item for my personal use?
1	Is there a real person who can help me?	can I speak with a real person?
1	Is not there a human to attend to?	any human there
0	i am looking for a product	looking for a contact number to speak to some
0	How do I know whether my order has been shipped	How do I confirm my order has been received?
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
1	I want to change the size	I need to change the size
0	add video evidence	Why it says supplier did not provide evidence. The payment will be refunded?
0	I have a question about the plugins to display products on my website	i have a question
0	wanting place an order but i cannot	I want to place an order.
0	Hello, Is there a location where I can find the invoices of my purchases?	How can I pay for my purchases?
1	Hi. I want to send mail to sales manager. I need the email address.	I need change the email address.
0	Same to you dear	Why do you always give the same answers?
0	chat now not working	the chat closed
0	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	How do I show in my currency?
0	its already an half of year	The email address already exists
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	where can I see the list of my purchase
0	no order found	Why the tracking number cannot be found?
0	I am asking to combine orders for payment	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
0	I wanted to reach out because I am on my second appeal in 1 week	i wanted t discuss my order
0	card details edit	I incorrectly accepted dispute details
0	where is this Appeal button?	where the button to contact?
0	are you okay?	are you busy?
0	You don't understand that the buyer protection has ended and I was not refunded and I didn't get my order.	I paid for an order but then it was cancelled. Seller has not refunded money.
0	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	Can you send me a photo of you?
1	can i talk to a live person?	can i have a person to talk to
0	The product has run out...	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
1	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	can i speak to a person?
0	why is my dispute invalid	Why my dispute is not going through?
0	AND THAT I GOT A LANTERN BUT THE SELLER DOES NOT MEET MY MESSAGE!	I got an error message during the payment process. What should I do?
0	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	i just placed order and having problem
1	please i need to file for an appeal	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	I would like to know how can I pay for an item?
0	no i can't follow my order	Can I edit my order?
1	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	do you have a phone number i can ring
0	Hello, can you attend me in portuguese?	Can you help me?
0	Why did my payment go through after canceling my order?	You sent me an email canceling my payment because the seller was doubtful
1	are u a live person	i need a live person to chat with
1	hi, i got an email that my order has been cancelled, but i already paid for it	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	i am not received my order	I am having some troubles with my last order
0	how to block a seller	How to get seller coupons?
0	and I need to cancel the dispute	I need cancel my order
0	I don't need automatic answers.	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	Hello, Eva. I wanna cancel fund processing in my orders.	I want to know the meaning of Fund Processing
0	Hello I am havin this message when trying to buy something For system security reasons, we need to verify your identity. Please check your email within 24 hours for instructions regarding additional information to provide to us to complete the verification	I am trying to answer a message, but the program will not accept text
0	Yes but the seller does not respond	I want to cancel the order but the seller does not respond.
0	How to submit video	I cannot submit my dispute form
1	how to set shipping method	How do I set my shipping address?
0	I have paid twitch	I already paid my ticket but it appears as I have not paid yet, what do I do?
0	why is my dispute invalid	Why it says Invalid Digital?
0	But I have new email address	I have just joined and have not received my confirmation email.
0	where do I find account settings	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
0	Im not happy about dispute results	im speak English not good
0	I haven't received some ring sizers i ordered.	I have ordered an item
0	wear do i click	When I click sign in, I do not have field to put my email and password.
0	chat now not working	this chat is automatic?
0	hello i am just wondering if i'm on the right site. i sign up for the affiliate program but i am a bit confuse, i do not see anywhere i can get a link to post to my website	Can I download pictures and post on my website?
1	can I speak with someone?	give me someone to speak to
0	that was automatic answer	This is not the answer
0	could you help?	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	number will received	My supplier wants me to click confirm order received to give me correct tracking number
0	can you ship out with 1 days shipping?	Can I import 1 single item?
0	Bank Konto BLZ	Your bank rejected the transaction
0	I am constantly trying to contact the seller and he did not respond I need a product invoice to send to customs	How can I contact the seller to send information?
0	what is written on judgment is in chinese and it has taken long	Why payment has been taken twice from my credit card?
1	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	Seller does not answer
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do I change my feedback rate and comments?
1	I have pay with the bank	I have ordered an item and I cannot pay it by bank transfer
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	I want to know why my credit card is charged before orders received
1	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	the package i ordered says it was delivered to another country
0	The product in Shopping Cart disappear. What can I do?	How do I delete items in Shopping Cart?
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	I cannot pay your order by credit card
0	OF THIS YOU HAVE NOT BEEN MADE YOU MUST PAY	Do you have boyfriend?
1	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	Why the order closed for security reasons?
0	how to respond on dispute	I opened a dispute and the seller did not respond, the dispute was closed.
0	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
0	and received the refund amount and dispute closed	Can I modify my dispute amount?
0	FEW MINTS I GIVE ORDER BUT I GIVE MONEY HAND TO HAND	The parcel is on the hand of the customs, how can I make the clearance?
0	how to delete messages in app	How to delete my account?
0	remove card details	I want to know the product details
1	Can you talk to a human being?	can you pass me to real human?
0	how to use select coupon?	how to use coupon again
0	My product did not come. the time is over.	How long will it take for my product to come
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I have a problem with coupon
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	i don't receive my order	i wanted t discuss my order
0	remove my card number	I want remove My order
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change my account?
1	What is select coupon	How do I use Select Coupon?
1	i need to locate a store	I want to find a store
0	i have brought a wi fi printer from you before and i paid it via a credit card...	I want to know why my credit card is charged before orders received
0	can I order without mobile phone?	Can I trust seller without reviews?
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	I am trying to make my payment on my credit card
0	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	I have orders cancelled for a suspicious seller
1	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I am waiting for a refund. How long it will take?
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017 go to hell	The items are not received but seller does not answer anymore.
1	yes i need help	i need help with a transaction
0	how can I report fraud seller	I want to report a feedback given by seller
0	I gave up buying a product but I want information that is not paid back	I want to send back the product
0	save card information	What is contact information?
0	you want to know how to add passport details	I want details of my refund
1	hello I'm Portuguese	Someone in Portuguese?
0	but I can not make purchases with the repayment money	i am in
1	Hello, please help me ASAP	Please ， help me Urgently
0	how to upload evidence	i do not know how to upload pictures
0	luffy can I have the address or direction puffy gave me yesterday	plz gave me help line no.
0	my products do not reach me, I can not make a dispute	do you marry me?
0	Is there any way to tell when my order will actually be delivered?	Is there any other way I can place the order and pay for it using my Credit Card?
0	hello, i click in product received	I received the product and money back
0	how do I reset password	How can I reset my security question?
0	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	I ordered with wrong delivery address. How do I fix it?
1	I don't know English	I do not know much English
1	i want to ship the order in china	I want to ship to China
1	How long in I forgot the password	I forgot my password
0	The shipment ME requested did not come as it was replaced by another product	my product is delivered in another address
1	do you send payment to paypal	Do you have PayPal?
0	I did not change my address. After collecting my additional money, I was told that the seller does not ship to my region.	I did not get my money
1	So how can I chat with human	can i chat with an agent online
0	When did I cancel the canceled payment of the account?	How do I cancel the payment?
0	I received a refund but not total why?	I have not received the refund but I won the dispute
0	ship back address	Can I ship the order back?
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	My purchase order arrived. The item had some damage.
0	I want to shipped order all at once	I want to cancel my order, but the goods have been shipped.
0	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	I need an invoice for this item i bought from you
1	how to upload evidence	I cannot upload attachment.
0	hello. i have submitted documentation to prove payment method but it will not allow me to buy. please unlock account	hello I have a problem with a store
0	order not received seller not answer	order cancelled by the seller, and the money is not received
1	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	Can I change an order?
0	why delivery period increased	How long is the complaint period?
1	how to open dispute on completed order?	Open Dispute for completed orders
1	here you have order number	Do you have a contact number?
0	But i have paid it	I have a wonderful day.
0	never mind this suck I will order at light in the box	Why I got charged for something I never order?
1	how can I report fraud seller	How can I report the bad supplier?
0	How to add video to the dispute?	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	i will visit China	i love china
0	see above question	sorry wrong question
1	I will ask something	I want to ask the price
0	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	Is there any other way I can place the order and pay for it using my Credit Card?
0	how do I cancel dispute	How do I cancel the payment?
1	can help me	can someone help me
0	The tracking number doesn't update	What is my tracking number?
1	I did not change my address. After collecting my additional money, I was told that the seller does not ship to my region.	The seller refuses to ship my order after I paid for it. What can I do?
0	I have been waiting for disputes to end. At the same time the seller says I have not paid the money.	I have been scammed
1	I did not but anything	I did not order anything. What can I do?
0	how to complaint	How long is the complaint period?
0	how to find a good seller?	How do I find a seller?
0	How can i print my Bill	How do I print Boleto?
0	still haven't received my refund	Until now I still have not reached my order
0	how to delete orders	How to delete my account?
0	My tracking is not working.	I want my tracking number
1	how do I cancel dispute	How do I cancel a dispute?
1	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	i have a dispute with the seller
0	Am looking at super thick 3D wood log wallpaper mural paper	How do I get a 3D security code?
1	one package for the order	I paid for their goods. How can I combine them into one package?
0	how to subscribed	How to complain?
0	The address was right but said it was wrong. Why are you like this?	When order i gave you a wrong address
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
0	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	I can not send a message
0	how to I search for a specific store name?	How do I contact a specific store?
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	Why you don't have holidays?
1	I forgot the security question	How can I reset my security question?
0	I can not pay for my order and hope that my card has not been charged several times blindly	my order has been frozen?
1	Hi, I need help	I need your help
0	I want to change the size	I want to know the product size
0	There is no button to click	live chat button
0	FEW MINTS I GIVE ORDER BUT I GIVE MONEY HAND TO HAND	When would I give money for product?
0	Because my order never gets in hold always goes to paid instantly	My payment gets declined
0	I want to know about my refund	I want to know about my order
0	Good afternoon, please, I forgot my access password and I do not know the email and I made a purchase, how do I do it?	I do not have access to my account
0	how to make an appeal	How to make processing time faster?
1	Payment error in App	I am getting an error message when making my credit card payment.
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I don't speak english
1	how to extend buyer protection time	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	i want to know is that any store with that name	I want to edit my name on shipping address
1	I paid my order several times, because?	Why I paid two times?
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	I have charged additional fees for my purchase
0	how to report your seller	How to report abuse
0	I will ask something	I want to ask for a refund
0	hello my mastercard isn't accepted although i have 3d secure...	my order isnt right
0	i make the payment but no shipment yet	I was unable to make payment
1	If your order shows 'order cancel',	Why order shows that it is closed, but there is no explanation?
1	my query is regarding my order status	view status of my order
0	this my order number	I need the postage number of my order
1	I want to chat with a real human	i want to chat with a real person
0	hello i have another issue	i have a problem with the dispute issue
1	did not receive my refund	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
0	extend buyer protection.	what is Buyer Protection
0	What do you say i don't understand you	Why you don't have holidays?
0	I received a refund but not total why?	Why I have not received my refund?
0	i need developer account	My account is showing up in Spanish, I need English.
0	Hi Im having trouble placing an order Can you help me figure out whats wrong with your system?	Can you help me?
0	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	When can I buy with bank transfer?
1	change the size	Can I change size I choose before?
0	how to change price	How to change delivery options?
0	The shipment ME requested did not come as it was replaced by another product	How to make a payment with another product refund?
0	you can not help me	can you help me?
0	I have not received my goods	I left a feedback for a company and I want to change what I wrote
1	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	I received an empty parcel
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	I am dissatisfied with claim result.
0	Hi there can you please help me with a problem about a jacket I bought it's one size small it doesn't fit how can I send it back and get one bigger size	How can I choose the size?
1	you're a computer?	are you a live person or a computer
0	The only way to pay for the product is with the card?	I want to pay once only.
0	i'm having a problem with appeal	I am having a problem with an item I received from you guys
0	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	Why I cannot see my order?
1	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
1	Why is my order cancelled?	Why my order was cancelled by email?
1	My money is not in my account	I want my money back in my account
0	$$32.80 was taken from my account	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	What is reward points	Why do not I have points for my orders?
1	how to retrieve password	activate a new password
0	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I add seller to the blacklist?
0	How do I use Warranty Service?	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	I don't speak english
1	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	I cannot log in and it says my account was deactivated
0	I brought something and they done have it, so I need my refund	hi i need to tell u something about my order
0	How do I manage my shopping cart	I do not know how to manage my transactions.
0	Hello The reimbursement has been made but it still does not exist I buy but not accepted	it says that my account does not exist
0	so can't do bank payment if t	How do I send my payment through bank transfer?
0	What happens to my order when my shipment status says "shipment canceled"?	What is the status of my order?
1	where is my product	Where my things stay?
0	I dont want a stupid robot, I need an answer	I am so stupid.
0	How do I register a business account	what happens if i forget my register account?
0	I can't find the iDeal icon in my payment options	Western Union is not among the options of payment
0	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find my verification code?
0	to find my order number etc.	my order number is
0	how do I undo the dispute so that they get paid?	I want my refund. How do I get this dispute settled?
0	who can give me information	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	it's my third time	it's about my order
0	I have my credit card with you for instant pay,	Can I pay in installments on my credit card?
0	how to cancel your account	If I want to cancel my order how many days the money will be back in my account
1	my order is cancelled	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
0	I have new email	do you have email support
0	i dont get my order yet	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
1	I want to know If i can to speak with the seller before buy a product.	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
0	My money is not in my account	what will happen to my money
0	i cannot add a credit card to the account	I cannot make payment with credit card
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	When can I open dispute?
0	I want to change my credit card which is registered for payment	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	How to cancel the order confirmation?
1	how do I reset password	I do not remember the password
0	how to verify account	how long it take to verify the payment?
1	who pay tax	how much I must pay for customs duties and tax
0	I want to shipped my order all	I want to know if my order was shipped?
0	The shipment of my product has been cancelled. Can't contact the seller	If my product has been detained by the Customs as fake product, what can I do
1	When can I speak to real person????	can i get a real person to answer question?
0	estimated time delivery	What is the time there?
0	click here ,where?	Where is that at?
1	could you track the status of order	could you tell me what is going on with my order
1	how to stop receiving mails	stop sending me emails
1	I wanna buy something product but I dont know how to pay money	i wanna pay but I do not know how
0	how to leave additional feedback	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	I sent my documents	I received my items but the supplier sent the wrong one
0	The online service button is not activated	i thought this was online help?
0	hello what is the difference between frame and no frame? can i hang "no frame" on the wall or is it just the actual canvas attached to nothing, like a poster?	am i speaking to an actual person?
0	I wanted to know more or less the day my products arrived?	Can I know more about Western Union?
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	Can I pay my order with my Brazilian credit card?
0	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	Why my order shows dispute closed?
0	how to extend buyer protection time	How does Buyer Protection protect payment?
0	i need helper	I need to talk to a supervisor
0	how to complaint	how do I close a complaint
0	please read above	I want to read feedback written about my order
0	But the product is requested	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	What is my payment status?	What is the status of my dispute?
0	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	In my question cant get an answer.
0	need to know how I will receive my full amount of my dispute, seller only want to give me $15,00	the seller does not give me answer my request.
0	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	How can I see message?
0	Do you have a representative in Saudi Arabia?	do you have money?
0	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	My order came but color different from that I ordered.
0	shipment was cancelled	I want to check the shipment.
0	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	Is there any other way I can make a payment by PayPal?
0	Can you see where it is	Where can I see reply from supplier?
1	I only paid the same order twice	I paid with my credit card twice for the same product. What can I do?
0	How can I access my mobile orders on my PC?	I do not have access to my account
0	where can i find my barcode	Where can I find my feedback from sellers?
0	I made a purchase, send it to the wrong address, and it looks like it will return, how do I get my product	I need to return product and need a return address
0	To click where?	It does not let me click Open Dispute.
1	hi there, I need help	I need help.
0	After the dispute was opened the seller reassured me that it will arrive	I opened dispute and they agreed on refunding my money
1	I already gave it but it says accept it but I did not receive my refund since I accept a refund without return of merchandise	Why did not I receive refund?
1	I don't know English	don't speak english
1	do you send payment to paypal	Do you have PayPal as payment method?
0	my name is Bill	Is possible to change my name ID?
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	When would you accept order from Washington?
1	steps on how to contact seller?	How do I get in contact with the seller?
0	how to add photo	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	how to find a product?	How can I find a product ID number?
1	I am not satisfied with dispute result. What can I do?	A dispute was closed but not resolved. What can I do?
1	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	I did not receive my package
1	how reward points will be added	Why my rewarded points are not added?
0	wear do i click	I accidentally click accept goods.
0	order closed payment not processed	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	So i contact the seller i want my money back	I want to contact seller.
0	how many items I add in my wish list	Why I cannot add items to my wish list?
0	Can I get payment receipt for orders of all sellers?	How can I pay all the orders together?
1	how do i add shipping address?	How do I fill in my shipping address?
0	I bought a product that was sent by China Post Registered Air Mail and the 20 days does not receive update how do I contact the service?	How do I receive a refund by credit card after 20 working days?
1	How do i upload photo in dispute?	How can I upload the file?
0	good evening I had a problem with my credit card and the money that was in authorization was returned, have you received my payment?	I have problem in paying online with my credit card
0	just a moment	just the way it is
0	sorry My credit card data	My credit card is overcharged
0	How do I know my product from the delivery date?	what do i do?
0	unable to place an order	I want to place an order.
0	Hello! I want to retreive my credit card info from my account. How can I do that?	A transaction was made from my credit card by someone else. What can I do?
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	My order was closed for security reason.
1	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find a seller?
0	Can I ask for help? My credit card expired, how can I enter a new card into my account and pay for it? I would like to order new goods and it is not possible. Thank you very much	Can I pay in installments on my credit card?
0	So how can I do that	Do you have a phone number so i can place my order?
0	The status is finished but I have nothing.	I want refund for one finished order
0	you didn't understand me	Can you help me?
0	so answer me"!"/!/"	You won't answer me.
0	How can I do?	How can I do if my card is stolen?
1	I am from India, mumbai. any taxes or custom duty is applicable	I am confused if I will have to pay customs taxes and duties
0	always refunding progress	Will you always be here?
1	change card details refund	I want my refund to another credit card
1	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	I placed an order
1	how no phone number i been on this service for over a hour	what is your customer service phone number
0	it is nice to meet you	Have a nice day.
1	The product has run out...	What can I do if the product is out of stock?
1	i cannot pay an order	I cannot pay for your order.
0	How do I tell the clerk?	How do I do that?
0	i need help with	I need size help
1	I am asking you question	Can I put you a question?
0	how to have a developer account via please?	How can I contact you via email?
0	check on that order number i gave you please i need to understand what the outcome is	When order i gave you a wrong address
0	how to find seller rating	There is no rating for the seller
0	do you need order numbers?	do you have news of my order
1	return shipping address of the seller	I need a return address
0	unable to find the address	I am unable to change my email address. It says it is already in use.
0	I submitted the appeal and it was disputed successfully	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
1	which country do you live?	Where do you live?
0	i received an item today that I have been issued a refund. how can I pay now?	Do I have to pay for wrong item return
0	i need to find my payment information	I lost my order information
0	i have a problem with payments on my account	I have problem with my computer
0	What is Domestic Returns	What is the time there?
0	possible to talk to customer service	Are you a service?
0	hi my payment failed	Why I failed to set my shipping address
0	i want to reset my password	How can I reset my security question?
0	hello by mistake I have received my product, but I have not received it yet	Do not want any e-mail notification to inform
0	Are you able to help me	you cant help me
0	How to response my dispute case	How can I reopen a dispute case?
0	Unable to create an account	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	What is my Wish List for	I want to divide my wish list into sections.
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
1	Iam seeing no where to contact customer service	contact customer service
0	The seller is a cheater!	Who is the seller?
0	can i buy from Iran	Can I buy via PayPal?
1	can I speak to a human being?	Can I speak with a live person?
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	why don't you have customer care number
0	how to respond on the escalated dispute	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier does not respond, how to proceed?
0	i want to get receipt	what can i print receipt?
1	can i talk to a customer service team	how do i contact service team
0	How do I stop seller sending messages?	Can you stop sending messages to me?
0	can you find my order number	I made an order from you. Where can I find my invoice?
0	please do accept tbc	do you accept mastercard
0	I have not receive my money yet	How many days will I receive my money if cancel order
0	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	I want to know more about payment method.
1	i ordered the item in april	I need your help. I ordered an item
0	we talk about my order bearing	How do I get to talk to the seller about my request?
1	Is cash on delivery option is available?	I want cash on delivery.
0	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	The minimum order is one lot, but I only need one piece
1	how to add video to dispute?	How to add video in my dispute?
0	hello i am just wondering if i'm on the right site. i sign up for the affiliate program but i am a bit confuse, i do not see anywhere i can get a link to post to my website	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
0	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	What is your return address?
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	I have a problem with my account
0	How to delete coupon?	How to delete cookies?
1	in my order list "View Detail" ,last status at april 27 and no more	My order status not changed
0	I did not change my address. After collecting my additional money, I was told that the seller does not ship to my region.	I did not receive confirmation after my order
1	its telling your account is suspended	Your account is temporarily unavailable.
1	having trouble logging in	I am having problem logging in
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	Do I speaking with a machine?
0	after open dispute	We can not get the agreement after open dispute.
0	i want to recover deleted orders	How can I recover the deleted item in the shopping cart?
0	how to find reliable seller	How do I find a seller?
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	I did not receive the confirmation of registration in my email.
0	order long time?	Why my order take a long time to come and I cannot track orders?
0	The seller is a cheater!	You are a cheater.
0	Con tact seller	The seller was not honest
1	need to check my order	How do I check my order
0	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	How can I pay all of my orders at once?
0	hi,I have a question. how I can send my item to china?	How can I send a question to a seller?
0	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	This is the first time I order from you
1	cant speak to live chat	I would like live chat
0	I want to be a dropshipper	i want to get human
0	Where can I find the search function photo search	How can I search item by item number?
0	i have brought a wi fi printer from you before and i paid it via a credit card...	i want to make want payment from credit card
0	Why am I expected to pay return shipping costs if it has been determined that the seller sent me the wrong items?	the seller has sent the goods in the wrong index
1	payment support team	customer service team email
1	your guys said that payment is on hold..	My order is Your Payment is Being Verified""
0	i wanna know about ma order	I want to know about refund
0	what will happen when I open a dispute	What will happen if seller approves dispute?
0	I want to check if they were really ordered, if do i need to cancel one of them	If I ordered 4 items and received 2 of them, do I click confirm order?
0	where to put my card number	Where I can see the number of my order tracker?
0	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	You sent me an email canceling my payment because the seller was doubtful
0	reply me soon	How soon can I receive the refund?
0	difference of small packet an registered airmail	What is difference between Quick Pay and Will Call?
0	how can I leave a feedback	Can I leave a private feedback?
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	my supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
1	I want the item, the vendor do not reply my messages	I have sent messages to the supplier, but he does not reply. What can I do?
1	how to change your email address	My email address is wrong and I need change it.
1	leave a feedback	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	Several times I make this same complaint, I already went to the bank and there is no refund, the last time I was offered to check, but I have not had an answer	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
1	regarding my order	My order is
0	still showing refund processing	My order is showing Fund Processing
1	need your urgent assistance	yes i need your help
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	I never got a refund
0	I wanted to know more or less the day my products arrived?	I want to know more about payment method.
1	How to return back the item	How do I return this item for refund?
0	The only way to pay for the product is with the card?	What is the best way to pay?
0	Forgive me, but how to take a screenshot?	How long will it take for my order to be delivered?
1	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	I have been waiting weeks to hear back from my complaint case
0	i want to change my password	I want to change my address
1	How do I know whether my order has been shipped	how do i know if my order has been shipped?
0	I want to change my credit card which is registered for payment	I paid with credit card. When will my payment get confirmed?
0	I can not find Manage Feedback in the app	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	you not understand me to help us	Could you please help me?
1	i want to return	I want to return the parcel
0	Hi, I had ordered a cosplay costume with the wrong currency; I canceled the order and the seller told me it was cleared right away, but now there is not enough credit on the card; Could I kindly receive the amount back as quickly as possible? I have to reo	Why I had an order canceled?
1	I cannot pay with my Mastercard.	I cannot pay my order with visa card.
0	can you read?	I can not make out where to read messages
0	My tracking is not working.	I need my number of tracking
0	still showing refund processing	My transfer went to you, but you are still showing no payment
0	I have new mail	I get an email that a new mail has arrived
1	no paypal account? at visa card on	How do I set up my PayPal account?
1	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	The order was made, I have not received the parcel. Why?
0	I have not received my order..?	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	exchange coins to coupons	Why I did not get the coins?
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons??	My payment does not go through what do I do?
1	did not receive my refund	I did not get the refund
0	How to check my wishlist	How do I check where my order is?
1	HOW TO REMOVE MY CARD	How to remove 1-click checkout from my account?
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	I would like my product to be deliver at a new address
0	cannot place an order?	I cannot place the order from Washington state
1	this is robot?	Is this Real or Robot
0	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	My order has been canceled. How do I reorder this?
0	i cant login my account	How do I get login ID?
1	regarding my order	regarding to my order
0	could you track the status of order	My order was canceled. Could you send back the cost?
0	How to Disable automatic login to russian site	this chat is automatic?
0	I need ask give number	i need a number to call a representative
0	how to open dispute	How to cancel dispute?
0	hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a random page?	I ask you a question
0	how to block to block the seller	How do I report a seller?
0	Do I have to have an account with your company to order a product?	I do not have access to my account
0	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	I placed order twice and want to cancel one.
0	read my question before answer pls	I need the dress before my wedding
0	I have a question about taxes	i have a question about my order
0	Money has not been paid	Sorry, your payment was not successful. No money has been deducted. Reason: An unknown error has occurred.
0	i need my money	I need an invoice for my firm
0	once again i will try, it can work my visa gift card	Can I pay with visa card?
0	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	I have open dispute but it has been close with no answer
1	how to cancel the dispute?	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
0	how to block messages	Why security block my transaction?
0	You do not understand anything I tell you.	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	delete credit card	Will visa master credit card work
0	my order isn't being processed	I paid for my order, and I am being asked to pay it again, what do I do?
0	i havent received my goods yet	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
0	I want full refund of products	I have received both goods and full refund?
0	I can't get help from you	I need small help from you
0	seller shipping address	The product is free shipping but the seller requires shipping cost
1	david howell hi i need a phone number or a human i cant never log on please help	How to have a phone number please?
0	i want know when i need data to use it	I want to know
0	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	How do I know whether they send out the items or not?
0	remove my card details	I need to change my credit card details.
0	Can you see if i had paid please? If so i need it tracked.	I need email address please
1	You cannot help me	you cant help me
0	nooo I want to buy 100 and have no shipping seller is willing to adjust price but your system does not allowed	I am not allowed to sign in
0	when I can leave feedback?	I cannot leave feedback.
0	Not satisfied with dispute	I cancel a dispute, can I reopen dispute?
1	I did not get the money back	I did not get my money
1	I canceled the order but have not yet refunded my money	I canceled my order. When can I get my money?
1	I want to place an order but I cannot	I cannot place my order
0	My credit data has to be updated. How should I do it? can you guide me to do that please	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	The deadline to open a dispute has already ended, how do I?	How do I open a dispute on a received order?
0	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	Do I have to pay taxes to us customs
1	I prefer en Spanish	I am new to this and have a few questions that i prefer to speak to
0	my price forward	Why the promotion price is not changed?
0	You're saying same things. The buyer protection has ended. I didn't receive my order.	do you have buyer protection?
0	How do I tell the clerk?	How can you tell a seller is legit?
1	How to delete order?	How do I delete My order list?
1	How can i get an order receipt or invoice?	How do I get invoice?
1	I Am waiting for my refund	I am waiting for refund of one product
0	But you are saying anything about my refund	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
1	how can I check order number	Where can I view order number?
0	where do I find account settings	Where do I find discount coupons?
1	i dont get my order yet	Why is my order not here yet
0	you're stupid	are u there?
0	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	what is dispute	What is dispute finished?
0	How to reset account password	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	i need the last 4 digits	How do I change feedback to 4 stars?
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	Can I find verified seller?
1	The online service button is not activated	can i ask you online
0	has nothing to do w my order	My order has been canceled. How do I reorder this?
1	and received the refund amount and dispute closed	I have not received the refund but I won the dispute
1	Hi i want to change my password. How can i do that?	What can I do if I forget my password?
0	did you understand my problem? yes or no	I did not understand the way the money will be refund
0	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	My order is still awaiting payment
0	You're saying same things. The buyer protection has ended. I didn't receive my order.	I have a dispute but the seller response time has ended
0	trouble logging in	I am having trouble with one seller. What can I do?
0	exceeded number of items	Can I shipped the items together?
0	can't leave feedback	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	package description should not be mentioned	What happened if the product i got does not match the description?
0	How can I send back the jacket I bought to change the size	How can i change my language settings back to english
0	i order a coat for the past winter and from jan. the buyer doesnt understand that its too small on me and doesnt want to give me a refund with a lot of stupid causes help me please	Could you help me please
1	i cannot log into my account!!	Why did I fail to log in to my account?
0	how to open dispute	How can I open a dropshipping account?
0	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I paid for my order but did not come
0	ORDER MESSAGE AND SELLER MESSAGE?	I can not leave a message to the seller
0	how to open a dispute	how to cancel accepted dispute
1	I canceled my product but there was no refund	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	How do I change my credit card number?
0	Change Shipping address	I need change the email address.
0	Seller change shipping method from China Post Registered Air Mail to China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus, without my permision so I can not international track package	What is China Post cost?
1	Hi. I want to send mail to sales manager. I need the email address.	I need email address please
0	this my order number	I want to know my order number
1	I want to call	i cant call you
0	how to confirm a order	I can not find the button Confirm Order Received"
0	i want to remove my credit card from my account	I want to remove my feedback
0	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	Has payment for this order been received?
1	is there a phone number i may call?	Is there a number I can call
0	but I sent you a video!!!!	I have a problem with my order at customs. Can you sent me a copy of my invoice?
1	how do I report the seller?	I want to report seller
0	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	How do I send a message to seller?
0	I want to confirm that I received the merchandise and I'm happy with it but i can't log in	I accidentally pressed on Confirm Order Received
0	No, you do not see it.	i will come to see you tomorrow
1	i need to connect representative online	I need to speak to sales representative
0	Can I get payment receipt for orders of all sellers?	I paid all my orders but sellers told me that I did not paid.
0	i did this all already and i was chatting with a member of your team and they said that it would be resolved by a day or so and it still has not been resolved	I opened a dispute and my application has already been closed
0	I cannot see order in my car	How can I see the feedback for my order?
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	I ordered things from different vendors. Can I pay in one time?
1	I want to call	Is there a number I can call
0	Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	Can I leave a private feedback?
1	how to cancel the dispute?	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	would like to talk to a person	need to talk to a person
1	is this bot	Are you a bot?
1	We are unable to create an account	I am not able to create an account
0	I talked to the saller	I am Brazilian and can I to buy what I want?
0	i make the payment but no shipment yet	How do I make payment?
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	Can I have your number?
1	Change Shipping address	I want to change the shipping address
0	i haven't received my order	this i my order number
1	where is my product	Where is my package?
0	the order is under the wrong email	I made a wrong order
0	how to add video	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	can i speak with you in french?	Can I speak with a live person?
0	you're stupid	what r u?
0	I asked many times the seller but he/she is always saying it will be here in week or two	Why I paid two times?
1	Hi John, I have a question.	I have one question.
0	Please, I could not checkout	could u please call
0	What I cannot get coupons when I exchange coins?	Why I did not get the coins?
1	Can I access my mobile orders on my PC so I can print out my orders?	How can i see my orders?
0	how to edit dispute?	How do I edit my name?
1	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	I paid and my order was canceled by email.
1	Should I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay my taxes and taxes?	I wonder if there is a limit to where you will not pay taxes?
0	What happen to you	What will happen if the seller does not respond to my dispute?
0	Then this must be joke, you must be kidding me,,,	Are u kidding with me?
0	will you deliver to company	Why I cannot deliver my goods to China?
0	my order is not moving	this is my order
0	The status is finished but I have nothing.	Can I open a finished dispute
1	I cannot sign in?	I fail to sign in the account
0	need your urgent assistance	I need your help. I ordered an item
1	I want the helpline line or customer care no	i want to email customer service who do i email
0	the tracking number is not available, so i contacted the seller	I want my tracking number
0	My orders are getting canceled..	I would like to know why my claim is not getting sorted
1	Why nobody can help?	Can you help me?
0	but when i am not in my account, i mean when i view as guest, i can view the info page	Where can I view order number?
1	Can somebody help me	can someone help me
0	lost my phone number	Why my phone number is not accepted?
0	I asked a couple of questions?	I asked questions about the product, but received no response
0	The promotion began, but why the price of product did not change	How do I change price at Euro?
1	how do I report the seller?	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
0	i was in touch with someone but i haven't heard back	I am back
0	I want e-mail	I have received a very offensive e-mail from a trader I am in dispute with
0	I need help to register my account.	what happens if i forget my register account?
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons?	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	When I bought, on the online page there is written delivery 30-50 days!	Do I pay for the goods when ordering or delivery?
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	I want refund because parcel is not arrived
1	i will contact my bank i dont know what is 3D secure code	How do I authenticate secure code?
1	delete order history	i need delete history
1	how to contact your seller	How do I get in contact with the seller?
0	has nothing to do w my order	Sorry, nothing is available to order now.
0	No because you do not want to help me	can you help me with something
0	How to chance shipping courier	Any chance we can talk on the phone?
0	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
1	can i speak with you in french?	Can you speak
0	i need open dispute	I cannot open dispute
0	to find my order number etc.	I cannot find my order
0	You're saying same things. The buyer protection has ended. I didn't receive my order.	Is it possible to order multiple things at the same time?
0	how do I submit an appeal?	I do not want to submit my credit card statement
0	HI see my message i sent you a minute ago	Cannot see message that I sent out
0	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	Supplier asks more money after I paid for my order
0	i need open dispute	I am failed to open a dispute
0	how do I place order	i just place an order
0	How do i add evidence?	How do I add to the shopping cart?
0	How do I remove my email address	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
0	When do help is coming	When do I receive a refund?
0	how to add the reward points	how to add to my favorite
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	I want to send back the goods.
0	Subject: random product link/button Hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a ran	on your site I have not found this product, can you help me find him?
1	sorry, you cannot help me	you can not help me
0	but my seller not reply	You reply very fast.
0	I tried to get help a long time ago for this problem and gave up buying from this site, There are some things I want to buy. If you help me I can buy from the website. If you keep not helping me I cannot buy from the website ever. Please put your boss on t	can you send to my country if i buy from you
0	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
0	I have never bought anything	i will never never never ever buy anything else from this website
0	how to pay china daily order	How do I pay for pre-sale order?
0	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	I want to know why my credit card is charged before orders received
0	buyer protection has ended	Escrow Buyer Protection
0	I can't open dispute and how can I contact to my seller?	When can I open dispute?
0	HI see my message i sent you a minute ago	where can i see message which i sent
0	From this store, How to find the product ship from USA	how can I find what I recently bought from you?
1	this link is empty	Where is the link
0	your guys said that payment is on hold..	I want to make one payment for your items.
1	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	How do I request for refund?
0	how to delete messages	How to delete my account?
1	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	I cannot find my order details.
1	No how to modify the mobile phone number?	How do I change my phone number?
0	19/5000 I just canceled	I just broke up with my boy friend.
1	How to delete an order in shopping cart	How do I delete items in cart?
1	when will my order be placed	When my order will be shipped?
0	How to leave feedback in seller store	When can I leave feedback?
0	I want to change my credit card which is registered for payment	I want to change my feedback which i left before
0	Am looking at super thick 3D wood log wallpaper mural paper	I cannot log in
1	what is confirm goods received	Confirm Order Received
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	the seller change Carrier without telling me and now he want me to pay extra charges
0	i bought something at store roy wang	I want to find a store
0	Still not there either	Can I still use the coupons after paying?
0	I can not pay because "You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again."	Can I pay for your order with cash?
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
1	i have some question. so tell me your email address	I have one question.
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	How can I change other reason for cancel the order?
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	I put wrong shipping address
0	How do i upload photo in dispute?	Why I cannot upload photo?
0	I ordered some tea bags in November, that haven't arrived.	My purchase order arrived. The item had some damage.
1	I am not able to use my coupon, when I will finalize a purchase my coupon does not appear	I have a coupon but cannot apply on my purchase.
0	So far, this chat isn't going well.	Why I do not have my money so far?
1	how do i upload a photo?	I cannot upload documents.
0	I need help with my appeal	I need help with locating my order
0	I would like to know about an object that I bought and that I can not access the tracking by the code	I would like to know the feedback of a seller.
0	I do not know the problem	How do i know this is not a scam
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	What can I do if the seller refuse my refund request?
0	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	Do you have a phone number so i can place my order?
0	were can i find the barcode	Why can not I find the product in a store?
1	I want love dispute open but i can't	I want to open a dispute but the page does not work
0	Because before I was able to order hair by 3 pieces but now it's no longer possible	i cannot seem to be able to order
0	how to respond to escalated dispute	i would like to stop Dispute Escalated
0	Extend delivery time	the estimate time for delivery
0	you can reactivate a canceled order?	My order was canceled, what can I do?
1	ship to iran	you ship to Spain
1	Give my money back 149 uds	How do I get my money back?
0	im trying to figure out why order was cancelled	Why my order cancelled for security?
0	how can I cancel the order	How can I confirm the order?
0	possible to talk to customer service	Is it possible to choose a size?
0	I want to upload a photo	Can I show my photo to you?
0	delete credit card	Credit card type
0	I brought something and they done have it, so I need my refund	I have not received my orders so I escalated it and it is been forever.
1	hi only Italian	How can i contact you in italiano?
0	a colleague said he would be restored	The seller said no stock and ask me to cancel it
1	the payment write For security reasons this process can not be continued.	Why the order closed for security reasons?
0	I want to pay but i do not want to pass my card i guess i did not buy longer, i tried to re-enter the data card's visa and scream until 07/19 and it was not over again	How can I buy goods if I do not have visa card?
1	are u a live person	is there a way i can speak to a live person via phone??
0	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	I have been over charged
0	delivery time filter, you can specify	How can I check if you have my right address for delivery?
0	what card I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me error	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
0	please do accept tbc	Do you accept Money Grams?
1	I need to speak with some human support	I need a human assistant
1	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	How much customs or import duty do I have to pay?
0	I have not received my goods	I have not received by goods. seized by Customs
1	Should I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay my taxes and taxes?	I am confused if I will have to pay customs taxes and duties
0	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I paid for an order but it said that is still waiting payment
0	de fault address	My address is not working
1	how do i get an invoice	How can I get an invoice?
1	cannot place an order?	I cannot place my order
1	Need you to confirm my credit card	When will you verify my credit card?
0	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	If my order is lower than 10$ i would pay for shipping?
1	The goods I purchased do not work. I have contacted the seller direct but am getting only emojis as replies. Cannot open a dispute.	I want to open a dispute but the page does not work
1	how to report the seller.	How do I report a seller?
0	i am having problems sending my id	I am having some troubles with my last order
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	How do I fill in the delivery address?
0	waiting for reply	Are you the auto reply?
0	What is buyers protection	I want to tell other buyers about products that I bought. How can I do?
1	could u plse check if refund is due	where can i check my refund has been transfer
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	How do I request shipment when processing time has expired?
1	cannot place an order?	I cannot place order, what can I do?
0	i opened a dispute	I opened dispute and they agreed on refunding my money
0	How do I delete orders?	How do I delete messages?
1	i can not sign in	I am not allowed to sign in
0	I do not know the problem	i wanna pay but I do not know how
0	i just sent a post	How can I track parcels sent by post
1	Hello, my payment is not going through and I know my credit card works	Why my card is not going through?
0	how to cancel an account?	How to cancel preorder?
0	i my order have been sent on may 3rd and it's still in transit. WHY?	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
1	please can u give mave ur number to call	Is there a number I can call
0	You don't understand that the buyer protection has ended and I was not refunded and I didn't get my order.	if I use my credit card will i get buyer protection?
0	How to reset your password	how to delete off your order
1	I am constantly trying to contact the seller and he did not respond I need a product invoice to send to customs	I did not receive the invoice
0	shipment was cancelled	There is no information for my shipment at this time.
1	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	i have been placed my order and have not received it
0	can u check this order for me?	Can you check if the supplier is reliable for me?
0	my shipment is cancelled	Why my order is cancelled?
0	How do I use my email address in new account	How do I change email address?
0	You cannot help me	can you help me with
0	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	I have just joined and have not received my confirmation email.
0	hello seller has not refunded after 3 months of communication	The seller has not shipped item
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
0	i need to speak with maria	i need to speak portuguese
1	my Shipment cancelled	Why my order was cancelled by email?
0	seller is not not trying to refund or replace	Seller accepted the terms of the dispute but there was no refund.
0	I want the item, the vendor do not reply my messages	How do I contact the vendor?
0	one package for the order	I placed order twice and want to cancel one.
0	But I have new email address	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	I DON'T GET MY ORDER	I want to cancel my order and get refund.
0	wrong email address	they send the order in a wrong address
0	No, it is impossible to send mail	air mail china
0	if i sell here, can i get the payment sent to my paypal account?	Where do I get PayPal?
1	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	Why is my payment awaiting verification?
0	Hello, I've a problem with my Order. Can you help, please	I have a problem with my order at customs. Can you sent me a copy of my invoice?
1	i want to buy	I want to buy a product
0	This doesnt work.	Payment does not work
0	how to use bank transfer?	How do I pay the order by Bank Transfer?
0	how to change payment method	How can I change shipping method?
1	you're a computer?	are you a computer or do you get my Question?
0	i want to find suppliers by country	I want to ship to another country
0	now haven't received payment returned	the supplier has received the returned goods, when can I receive my refund
0	sir i have to purchase a product from you sir	I have no news about my purchase.
1	get a supervisor please	I need to talk to a supervisor
0	i need my money	I need an invoice for my purchase
1	Can I get payment receipt for orders of all sellers?	I wanna get receipt
1	The shipment did not arrive	This item not arrive
0	i need the last 4 digits	I already contacted you last time
0	canceled no shipment	I want to check the shipment.
0	how to subscribed	How much is a product?
0	MONEY NOT RETURNED	will the coupon be returned?
0	hi, the seller gave me a new tracking number. how must i use it?	Seller gave me a defective item
0	my shipment has been cancelled	Why my order have not been cancelled?
0	I want to change my credit card which is registered for payment	i want to make want payment from credit card
1	Where to get a refund?	Where's my refund?
0	Registration email is not working	I did not receive the confirmation of registration in my email.
0	How can I add paypal	How can I add my home number in my registration?
0	The seller advertise wrong price	The seller discount the price, when I place order i see the old price.
0	i cannot see my order	How can I see the feedback for my order?
1	unable to set the shipping address	The shipping address is not available
1	I would like a tracking number, how do I get one?	How to get the tracking number?
0	I need to speak with some human support	i need to speak portuguese
0	I would like to know about an object that I bought and that I can not access the tracking by the code	I would like to know if you accept PayPal
0	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	I asked questions about the product, but received no response
0	what is rewards points	I did not get points, what can I do?
0	coins are not added	Why my rewarded points are not added?
1	change card information	I need to change my credit card details.
1	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	What is the customer service phone number
0	but I sent you a video!!!!	Products you sent are in poor quality
0	my cart is empty	Why My Orders is empty?
1	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	My processing time is over and I want to extend.
0	Is there any way to tell when my order will actually be delivered?	thanks any way.
1	how do i open a dispute?	How do I open a dispute?
0	after received item I found out it is not working	How do I receive a refund by credit card after 20 working days?
0	how I pay money?	How can I pay with a refunded money?
0	How do I manage my shopping cart	How do I pay all orders from Shopping Cart?
0	how can I check order number?	How do I add a PO number to my order,
1	When I bought, on the online page there is written delivery 30-50 days!	In how many days can I expect my delivery
0	how to withdraw my credit card	How old is Jack Ma?
0	how do I get my order number	How do I edit my fax number?
0	What is my Wish List for	share my wish list
0	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	the supplier has received the returned goods, when can I receive my refund
1	my What is price	What is the price?
0	I want to use another payment method	Can I send a check as a payment method?
0	not sure what 25cm by 33cm means	I am not sure whether I paid for my item.
0	Hello! Good night. I need your help for.. I can not issue a ticket to pay an account	yes i need your help
1	waiting for reply	I am waiting
0	when i received the order it was twenty days wrong color	The seller sent wrong color
0	how to exchange coins	How can I do an exchange?
0	i did not forgot my password. i just want to change it frequently.	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
0	how do I cancel dispute?	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
0	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	I am trying to get access to my account but it will not let me.
0	It turns out that I received the order but it was in poor condition. It's deteriorated. Sorry for my writing, but I do not know English and I'm using a translator.	I cannot text writing
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	I don't know.
1	Ho do You speak italian?	Do you speaker italian?
0	i have not received my order.	My order was cancelled but I have not received my refund
0	earn more about new features!	I need more information about the supplier
0	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	Is it possible to change my last name?
1	I guess you're a robot	are you there? or is a robot
0	hello by mistake I have received my product, but I have not received it yet	Sign in error. Error code: 83.
0	Ich use invoices.	cannot use Select Coupon
0	luffy can I have the address or direction puffy gave me yesterday	Can I change the ratings I gave about a product?
0	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	Why my order is Confirmation Timeout
0	Do you have a representative in Saudi Arabia?	Do you have dropshipping?
0	why is it that they do not make mens shoes in size 12 US	Why I cannot make purchases?
1	I can not change the language to Spanish	do you speak spanish?
1	Where I can find an information for a refused dispute	Where is dispute information?
0	when i log in on computer, my wishlist is not updated. It's not same as on my apps	Why did I fail to log in to my account?
1	where is the coupon page?	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
1	how to set the shipping address	How do I fill in my shipping address?
1	I am asking you question	I ask you a question
0	I check my bank and my money is not refund yet	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
0	Can I reopen a dispute	If I close dispute, can I reopen dispute again?
0	Question about selling	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
1	ship to iran	Do you ship to iraq
0	I do not want to cancel my order	I want to cancel my order.
0	the part where you have to write the code seems defective	We do not have area code.
0	i need to speak with someone	do I need?
1	connect live chat again	Eva this live chat is not working
0	today i saw something that i want to buy. I is on sale. the sale is due to close now. I cannot buy because I cannot log onto the site. What can I do?	How do I pay for pre-sale order?
0	i want to know is that any store with that name	i want to know now
0	i am not able to see dispute option	I am not able to buy anything
0	i ordered pokemon cards there fake	I want to report fake product
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	I am unavailable to place my order
0	The shipment of my product has been cancelled. Can't contact the seller	My order has been frozen, can we cancel the order and order a different product
0	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	please let me know
1	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	I paid twice. What can I do?
0	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	i have placed 3 orders
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	Can you issue invoice for order which I just received?
0	Are you an idiot? I need to remove or delete an appeal.	Can you delete my account
0	i am not received my order	When am I going to get my order?
1	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	How can I cancel an order I just made?
0	de fault address	My shipping address is not in English
0	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	How do I buy wedding dress?
0	I cannot upload video	i cannot upload a photo
0	I am constantly trying to contact the seller and he did not respond I need a product invoice to send to customs	I opened a dispute and the seller did not respond, the dispute was closed.
1	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	I can not find the button Confirm Order Received"
0	how to open a dispute	The Open Dispute button is inactive.
0	I pressed. Click the Confirm Order Receipt button. Before the Order is sent.	I am trying to place an order, but when I click Buy Now button nothing happen
0	Where can I find the search function photo search	How can I hide or delete search history?
1	how do i talk to service team	How do I contact Case Management team?
0	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	I do not like the order and I want to send it back
0	Can i introduce a friend?	I just broke up with my boy friend.
0	don't you understand me??	Eva did you understand my question
0	and i am out of time	how do I file a dispute after I received my goods and time ran out
0	But the product is requested	how to find discount product
1	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	i need the customer service phone number
0	How to respond	Buyer does not respond
0	how to leave feedback	How do I delete a feedback?
1	yes, I keep trying to pay but it wont work	I keep trying to pay but it declines it
0	hello i am just wondering if i'm on the right site. i sign up for the affiliate program but i am a bit confuse, i do not see anywhere i can get a link to post to my website	I am not allowed to sign in
0	Where I can find the feedback from the seller?	I opened dispute and had no feedback from seller.
0	Do you actually have any other answer for me	do you have any email
0	how to use select coupons	cannot use Select Coupon
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	I'm tired to play with your stupidity but answer my question!
0	how to have a developer account via please?	How to have a phone number please?
1	When will I get the parcel?	When will I get my orders?
0	i bought five cell phones and ipad	Whether I get paid or not?
0	I know the web site is english. I already use chat and the people was able to understand me.	I do not know English.
1	How can I get a refund	how can i get my refund
1	Is not there a human to attend to?	can I talk with a human?
0	what is happening	what to say
0	please help already 20 days is done but payment not get	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	How to delete coupon?	How to delete my account?
0	its already an half of year	It says this email already exists
0	order closed payment not processed	Why does it take so long before my payment is processed?
0	AND THAT I GOT A LANTERN BUT THE SELLER DOES NOT MEET MY MESSAGE!	my orders got a finished" message but they have not arrived yet."
1	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	i have been placed my order and have not received it
0	What is buyers protection	Does my order automatically come with the Buyers Protection?
0	i want to cancel my credit card	I want to about Credit Card Refund
0	are you bot	Are you pretty?
0	i have a cuestion	I have registered on the site
1	I dont want a stupid robot, I need an answer	I don't want to speak with a robot.
1	how to confirm a order	How can I confirm the order?
0	the seller sent wrong color	seller sent the wrong size
1	Can somebody help me	can u help me?
0	What I should do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I am not satisfied with dispute result. What can I do?	I am not satisfied with the product received. What can I do?
1	So, could you help me?	could help me whether or not
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	I am waiting for a refund. How long it will take?
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	Why does my order show repeated?
1	did you even give a answer	Did you answer my question?
1	how to see buyer protection	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
0	You are saying anything about my refund	can you tell me something about the status of my orders
0	how do i use select coupon	How do I use my $10 coupon?
0	it is nice to meet you	You are a nice girl.
1	Visa credit card	How to pay with credit card?
0	seller made no response	I made mistake on seller ratings. What can I do?
0	how to delete card	how to delete unpaid order
1	I have already open a dispute but they refuse it	i already opened a dispute
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017 go to hell	i tried using my visa debit card to purchase items online but it did not go through.
0	Can I ask for help? My credit card expired, how can I enter a new card into my account and pay for it? I would like to order new goods and it is not possible. Thank you very much	I would like my product to be deliver at a new address
0	I need an assistance with my order	I need help with locating my order
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	I would like to return the goods
1	When can I speak to real person????	I need a real person
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	I buying this item with order number
0	what will happen when I open dispute	What will happen if seller approves dispute?
0	how to reset my password	I want to reset my password have not got the email
0	Seller change shipping method from China Post Registered Air Mail to China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus, without my permision so I can not international track package	Can you give me china post air mail contact number to check my tracking number?
0	hi i still haven't received any of my orders	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	it is nice to meet you	you are so nice
0	how to make an appeal	how to make payment with WebMoney
0	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	can i order on company name?	There is wrong street name. What can I do?
0	add email address	verify email address
0	How to contact the seller	How do I report a seller?
0	this link is empty	Why My Orders is empty?
1	i want to get receipt	How do I get a receipt?
1	how to confirm a order	I have received my order, how to confirm?
1	i want to return	I want to return my goods.
0	So, could you help me?	Could you communicate with me in Russian
0	how to have a developer account via please?	please i have a question
0	how to pay using idea	How do I start using TradeManager?
0	Hi, I have a problem with my payment.	I have problem with my order
0	I wanted to reach out because I am on my second appeal in 1 week	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
1	Need some live help please?	Live chat please
1	what is your phone number	What your your phone number.
0	shipping courier to Germany?	is shipping free
0	how to cancel an account?	If I want to cancel my order how many days the money will be back in my account
1	I want to complaint	I would like to make a complaint
0	i need to chat now	I have to go for now.
0	a link should open up in my browser but it is broken and does nothing even though the little "hand" appears when hovering over	When should I receive my money back?
0	Hello, I have a problem, I can no longer order on your site because you have blocked my means of payment, I had however validated with supporting documents not long ago, I do not understand, Help?	I am no longer for business, can you have my account suspended?
0	question and answer	Did you answer my question?
1	Don't remember account login name and password, how to operate can I find my account name and password?	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	Need some live help please?	I need some help with my account
0	cannot place an order?	I want to place an order.
0	Eva, I have not received shipping and tracking info on my order. I also have messaged the seller 2 times within the last few days and have not received a reply.	I have not received payment within 10 days
0	refund and return	I need to return product and need a return address
1	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	my email is	Why there is no verification link in the email?
1	refund status unresolved	I have an unresolved dispute
0	I bought the wrong product when the money is due	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
0	My order has been retained in the Portuguese customs, I need a proof of purchase, invoice, receipt, how can I do?	My order has been canceled. How do I reorder this?
0	how to exchange app coins	How can I do an exchange?
1	I have not received my goods	have not received goods
0	I want to confirm that I received the merchandise and I'm happy with it but i can't log in	and i am happy.
0	How can I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I accidentally pushed confirm delivery but I did not received my order.
0	i my order have been sent on may 3rd and it's still in transit. WHY?	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	no i can not hardly with customer attention	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	how to set the shipping address	How do I change the shipping address?
1	once again i will try, it can work my visa gift card	Will visa master credit card work
0	It is not about the tracking order	I have a problem on the order tracking
0	my order is not moving	my Order NO
1	wanting place an order but i cannot	I cannot place an order.
0	Where do you live Eva?	where do you ship to?
0	Return address needed	return the money
1	refund and return	I want to return item for a refund
0	Seller change shipping method from China Post Registered Air Mail to China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus, without my permision so I can not international track package	air mail china
1	I just wonder when I got my order	When will I get my order?
1	how to extend buyer's protection	I can not extend the protection time of an order
0	I bought a coat on April 28 forgot the email and the password I have already paid for the credit card, and I have already made the order, follow the link of the product purchased	I have already paid for my orde, but the order status has not changed
0	how to use store coupon	How to use register coupon?
0	so? i can;t	I love you so much.
1	What are the shipping method?	How do I choose shipping method?
0	wait... let me show u a snapshot...	please let me know
0	why is it that they do not make mens shoes in size 12 US	how to corresponds the US size to size in France
1	What to do	what should i do?
0	I want to do shopping how to buy	How many days will a refund come?
0	and will they all be the same design	Why the same order was credited twice?
0	i will ask another help	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	The product in Shopping Cart disappear. What can I do?	How do I add to the shopping cart?
0	always refunding progress	Why does not always appear kiwi wallet?
0	how to apply feedback	How do I delete a feedback?
1	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	I order a thing 2 months ago but i still did not get it
0	Why are my accounts blocked and I cannot sign in	Why my account is blocked?
0	it is work, thanks	fine thanks and you?
1	hey. is this online chat?	How to find online chat service representative quickly?
0	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find reliable sellers?
0	The tracking number doesn't update	tracking number for returned order
0	Good day to replace other payment card number	Can I get other paying options other than the credit card?
0	change password in app	How to use coupon from mobile app?
0	i did all of it	I did all the steps to make a claim and have received no response.
0	I have to many problems with your buyers	How many current orders do I have?
1	david howell hi i need a phone number or a human i cant never log on please help	i need the customer service phone number
1	unable to set the shipping address	Why I failed to set my shipping address
0	can you read?	can you help with that?
0	hi where can i change my shipping address?	Can I change my shipping to free shipping?
1	how to open dispute	How do I open dispute?
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	I need pay an order with Western Union
0	Can you see if i had paid please? If so i need it tracked.	Do you know when I will receive it? I had paid more for delivery express
0	I canceling order i made by an mistake	I made a duplicate payment by mistake
1	Can somebody help me	can you help me with
0	how to fi	how to check dispute reason
1	what is dispute	What happens on dispute order?
0	coins has not added	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	how to reach the payment support team?	how many days will it take to reach the destination
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons??	Did my last transaction go through?
0	I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me an error when sending	After I click login it gives me an error message
0	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	If cancel an order which I made, am I pay off entirely?
1	still showing refund processing	I am still waiting for my partial refund for this order
0	how to find the seller	How to find preorder?
0	i dont get my order yet	you dont get what i say to you
0	how to find order number	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
0	my What is price	What if person keeps changing price
0	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I add seller store to favorite?
0	My issue here is my order not receive and your customer service not reachable. Please help.	Please help verify my account
0	l placed an order from spain to spain	I placed duplicated order
0	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	I want to pay for my order.
0	and i can;t check the tracking	I can not check out
1	Hi i want to change my password. How can i do that?	How can I get my password back?
1	verify the email	How to verify my email address?
0	Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	my transaction has been frozen too long
1	i need to talk to human being please	i need to speak with a human
0	how to get the order number	How to get a refund for a canceled order?
0	that does not work	The item does not work properly
0	I want to send an email	An account already exists with the E-mail you submitted
1	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	My order has been shipped to wrong country
1	please initiate chat	chat with an agent
0	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	adding a credit card	My credit card is overcharged
1	Seller change shipping method from China Post Registered Air Mail to China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus, without my permision so I can not international track package	I place an order to be shipped through fedex but the supplier ship it with china post
0	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	I have not received my refund and has been more than 15 business days
0	i cannot pay using bank transfer	I want bank transfer
1	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	How can I correct my email address?
0	How to I pass a appeal	Why it did not pass payment on the credit card?
0	how to upload photo	I cannot upload the attachment
1	how can i contact the seller	How can I contact the seller to send information?
0	I want the item, the vendor do not reply my messages	i want my item
0	I have a compte I don't connected	I don't speak english
0	how i become a seller	How do I become eligible for buyer protection?
1	Need a refund	Do I need do anything to make a refund?
0	check out page	what should i do after complete check out?
1	my cart is empty	Why my items disappeared in my shopping cart?
1	i'm so disappointed, the last 3 product I orders on 1 in January and 2 in february still didn't arrive. From now how to have a confidence to order anything else!!!	I have not received anything
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	I want to cancel the order. There is mistake.
0	I can not upload videos or photos to the dispute	I need a function to upload photos
0	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	How do I request for refund?
0	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	How can I pay for my entire order with one payment?
0	how do i change my number?	How do I change my rating?
0	I am a seller	I am trying to request a refund from seller but states dispute is finished
1	but more then 20 days is happen still payment not get	How do I receive a refund by credit card after 20 working days?
1	How to delete an order in shopping cart	How do I delete items in Shopping Cart?
1	how do I cancel dispute?	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	I brought a wig and they said they done have the inches I put in for now need my money back put they done want send me my money	I have done this it did not help
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	It's hard to talk to a machine. I want to talk to someone.
0	how to respond dispute	How do I respond to the seller message?
0	when I pay for an order I cannot save my card details as I've forgotten my password or pass number	I cannot pay my order with visa card.
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	Would like to know which site do I track my order?
0	I just read that you rejected my appeal!	how do i read messages
0	I not satisfied with the dispute	I am not satisfied with the goods
1	When will refund be done?	When will I receive my refund
0	I have new email	do you have any email
1	how to upload evidence on dispute	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
1	hi where can i change my shipping address?	I want to change my shipping address
0	estimated time delivery	There is an order processing time under the delivery time options. What is that?
1	I forgot my password I can not retrieve it and I can not connect because my mail already exists	How can I get my password back?
0	hi, i got an email that my order has been cancelled, but i already paid for it	I got the email to verify my account but there was no link
0	No "start chatting"	How do I start payment?
1	How is it possible for me to charge something I did not buy	I have been charged for something I did not order.
1	urge seller to ship the ite,	The seller would not ship the product
1	do I contact the seller?	Can you speak Portuguese?
0	I think the seller is not issuing my money	I think the claim result is unfair.
1	Can I call Customer service	i need a number for customer service
0	you can help m	Can you help me to contact the supplier?
1	how to add additional feedback	How do I add additional feedback?
1	how do i contact your seller	How can I contact seller?
0	$$32.80 was taken from my account	My order was closed, but money was deducted from my bank account.
0	I do not know why my card is not working.	Why my tracking order is not working?
1	how to stop receiving mails	I want to be unsubscribed from all e-mails
1	how to find order number?	How to get my order number?
0	you can't help me you are a computer	Can you help me?
0	I received a refund but not total why?	I placed an order for some items with a total of 135$.
1	i want to know why i cannot send message to the vendors	I cannot write the message in the message center
0	when my pay will cancelled	I cancelled my ordered when can I expect a refund?
0	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	I need to know something about the size
1	Did you helped me?	Did you receive my question?
1	cannot leave feedback	I cannot leave feedback.
1	can you find my order number	How to find the order number?
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	Why have not I seen Qiwi on the checkout page?
0	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	Why the claim status is on processing for several days?
0	saying i didn't communicate	I paid my purchase but it was saying that there was no payment
0	my order is not moving	the order is a gift for my daughter
1	who can help me please?	Please give me help line number
0	Who is the seller	Who has created you?
0	where to put my card number	Why I cannot put my street address
0	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	whom should i send my MTCN number
0	appeal for dispute	There is no refund on dispute
0	that didn't work	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	how do I delete feedback?	How do I delete messages?
0	can you please tell me when my orders will be delivered	can you tell me something about the status of my orders
1	I canceled my order without giving cargo but could you help my param still not getting into the account?	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
0	When did I cancel the canceled payment of the account?	I want to cancel payment.
1	How can I open a dispute	How do I open a dispute?
0	is your site secure	How does bank transfer work on your site?
0	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	The products that I buy are suspect. But I did not received my money back.
0	i am trying to open a dispute but my attachment isn't loading	I am trying to make my payment on my credit card
0	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	How do I get my user name?
0	how to add passport information	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	my shipment cancelled	Why my order is cancelled?
1	how to find the seller's store	I want to find a store
0	it does not show me the seller am looking for	Why it does not show promotion price?
1	So how can I chat with human	How do I contact human?
0	I have informed you 3 times	I want to have one transaction for 3 items, not separately.
0	how to chance shipping method?	Any chance we can talk on the phone?
1	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	I canceled the order, but the money I have not returned
1	I would be happy to talk to a person	I want to talk to real person
0	add additional feedback	how to add friends by TM
1	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	I have sent my damaged order back to the supplier, can you refund me fully?
0	setting up shipping address	my courier change the shipping address
0	I can't create and sign in account. won't let me after I enter the code	I am not able to create an account
0	payment not processed	I was deducted on payment, and the payment was not reflected on the order
0	I don't see what to clock	I cannot see the product what media find
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	i have already ordered an item
0	Why rewards points are going down?	Why do not I have points for my orders?
1	no i can not hardly with customer attention	i want customer support
1	ok...I have a question for you	i have a question
1	How to edit profile?	How do I edit my profile?
0	why the price of product did not change	Supplier did not honor price on site
1	how do i get an invoice	I need an invoice with the goods purchased and value. How do I get it?
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
0	order not received seller not answer	The seller does not answer me about my order
0	Hi there, I'm trying to view a product I ordered but I don't have access	i ordered a product
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	The seller no longer has a stock item
0	how to remove debit card from account	how can I remove some items from my order
0	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	My order is not showing
1	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	I am getting an error message when making my credit card payment.
0	I HAVE A PURCHASE ON YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE REGISTERING, AT THIS TIME THE ORDER IS BUGGED IN THE CUSTOMS AND DHL NEEDS THE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER.	How do I use the store number to purchase?
0	Can I ask for help? My credit card expired, how can I enter a new card into my account and pay for it? I would like to order new goods and it is not possible. Thank you very much	can I transfer the refund to my new order
0	how can I'm get my Refund	I am awaiting my refund. When can I get it?
1	i cannot pay using bank transfer	How do I pay the order by Bank Transfer?
0	I am not able to open dispute	I am not able to chat with sellers
0	why delivery period extended	How can I extend the period of receiving the shipment?
0	The seller advertise wrong price	seller sent the wrong size
1	how to pay local currency	Can I make the payment in the local currency?
0	What is wish list	Why the item cannot be saved to wish list?
0	I would like to make a payment via bank slip which procedure I am not finding the desired option	I am trying to make a payment by bank transfer but I cannot
0	need to log into my account	I cannot log in and it says my account was deactivated
0	they suggested me to wait for a while for the conformation	Loading. Please wait
0	hi there, please can you tell me when my orders will be delivered?	can you tell me do my problem?
0	how to find an order number	I cannot find my order number online
0	I have informed you 3 times	I pressed Pay Now button 3 times. What can I do?
1	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	It will not save things to my wish list
0	No, you do not see it.	How do I see my shopping?
1	who pay tax	is there any tax to pay if posted through DHL
0	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I reply to feedback?
1	how to find an order number	How can I find my order number?
0	How can I collect my order in cart?	How do I clear my cart?
0	possible to talk to customer service	Is it possible to pay with a DEBIT card?
0	i am fine	i am confused as to who i am speaking with
1	where do I find the shopping cart	I do not know how to use my shopping cart
0	how to response in my dispute case	Why no response after escalate dispute?
0	do you need order numbers?	what do we need to do to correct the zip code on our order
1	how to edit profile	How can I change my profile?
0	Are you married?	You are smart.
0	the order is close	i want to close a request
1	post sell claim	Can I sell on your website?
0	I have tried three times and I am not getting any help	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
0	how to remove debit card from account	how to remove my order?
1	Can you talk to a human being?	can I talk with a human?
0	the order is close	how can I close this account
0	i want to know my refund payment status	I want to know more about payment method.
1	contact the seller?	How can I contact seller?
0	its take too long time	How long is the shipping time?
0	i order a coat for the past winter and from jan. the buyer doesnt understand that its too small on me and doesnt want to give me a refund with a lot of stupid causes help me please	Please give me help line number
0	upload video evidence.	i cannot upload a photo
0	but it's written "delivery failed"	Status written completed but the money is not returned.
0	You refused my dispute on a product, while I sent the requested photos to the seller. How to challenge this decision?	I refused the order but the seller sent it. What can I do?
0	can you dance for me?	can you help me?
1	hello. how i can ask the seller for the bill for my company	How I can get a bill from the purchased product?
1	I want to speak with the worker	i want to speak to someone
1	I just want to know if my order has been sent	I do not know if the shipper has sent my order.
0	when I can leave feedback?	How can I leave a feedback?
0	how to edit dispute?	How do I edit a contact name?
0	Do I have to have an account with your company to order a product?	Do you have the product in stock?
0	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	How do I delete items in my wish list?
0	I cannot find my save for later list	It will not save things to my wish list
0	i have question about New black Mini USB Wifi Adapter Pocket Network Wireless Router 2nd Soft AP Portable	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
0	We are unable to create an account	I did not create this account, someone else created this account. Used my email
0	Can I ask for help? My credit card expired, how can I enter a new card into my account and pay for it? I would like to order new goods and it is not possible. Thank you very much	Can I transfer the refund to my new order?
0	I want to place an order but I cannot	I cannot place the order from Washington state
0	hi, how can I add photos?	How can i add user in my chat
0	my order is still processing	My order is still awaiting payment
1	how do i delete my account	how do i close my account
1	Can u please help me	can u help me?
0	Should I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay my taxes and taxes?	I do not want to pay taxes
0	the transaction is completed	How to dispute a completed order
0	how to place the order but do not pay for it	Do I place a custom order?
0	dont want to received email from message center	I want to view complaint center
1	i ordered the item in april	i ordered product
0	how to place order without paying	How to get goods without paying taxes?
0	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I have an order confirmed delivery. I have not received packages.
0	:) I write in English	Cannot write address in english, because my address is in Portuguese language.
0	this is english...	I do not know English.
0	i have to have a refund	Why I do not have refund button?
0	why is it that they do not make mens shoes in size 12 US	Are the shoes replicas?
0	So how can I do that	When will you resolve the dispute so I can get my refund?
0	how to change card details	How do I know product details?
0	how to recover old account	How old are you?
1	talk to someone	talk to me
0	why delivery period extended	i accidently put extended time on my order, how do i cancel it
1	about my order	I want to know about my order
1	how do I report the seller?	How do I report a seller?
1	i need online chat	how do I speak to someone online
0	It has been almost half a year!	My account has been hacked
1	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	How do I extend the processing time?
0	Do you actually have any other answer for me	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	i have received it	I have received nothing.
0	i need to know the way to use it... like credits or something	I received a discount coupon I would like to know how can I use
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	i have debit card
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons?	How can I reset my security question?
0	Every time I try to pay the order that I have placed, I get an error saying that for "security reasons" the payment could not be executed. How can this be solved?	I have a dispute and it is not getting solved
0	Con tact seller	The seller is a scammer
0	good evening I did not receive a parcel because it was handed over to another person I opened a dispute but the seller insists that the parcel is in customs and is in the hands of a carrier But I contacted the customs and posters, the parcel was delivered	I contact the post office, the parcel was returned
1	Where to get a refund?	where can I get my refund details
1	upload evidence video	How to add video as my evidence?
0	how do i set shipping address?	How do I change the shipping address?
0	i can't find it	I want to find the product
1	why I cannot use coupon	Why can not I use my coupon?
0	i wrote u upper!	I wrote the wrong shipping address. What can I do?
0	How to cancel product?	how to cancel accepted dispute
0	i receive a email says i did not pay, but i have paid and i have the confirmation	I order a product but did not receive any email confirmation
0	Hello, I'd like to join your affiliate program and I'd like to use my YouTube channel. Can I use my YouTube channel link for the website	Can I use the pictures on your website?
0	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	I would like to know about the Confirm Order Received button
0	I still have not made the refund?	talk to me
0	I canceled after payment	The order status has not changed after I made the payment, what happens?
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	Can I buy 2 products from different seller in the same shipment?
1	Hi, I had ordered a cosplay costume with the wrong currency; I canceled the order and the seller told me it was cleared right away, but now there is not enough credit on the card; Could I kindly receive the amount back as quickly as possible? I have to reo	How do I receive a refund by credit card?
0	earn more about new features!	any new news about order no
0	How to chance shipping courier	How much is the shipping cost?
0	I want to order many items but my account is under appeal	How many days I will receive my order?
1	place an order?	How do I place an order?
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	Can I pay with a Visa card, if there is insufficient amount?
0	How to contact the seller	How do I report a seller?
0	i'm so disappointed, the last 3 product I orders on 1 in January and 2 in february still didn't arrive. From now how to have a confidence to order anything else!!!	I need it to be delivered in 1 to 2 day. I am willing to pay for it
0	OMG can you get a supervisor please?	Can you change language to English please
0	could you help me and could you open dispute?	i have a problem with my order. could you help me?
0	how to respond on the escalated dispute	i would like to stop Dispute Escalated
0	how I can contact with the factory person?	Do you have a contact phone number so I can talk to a real person?
0	I can not make a dispute	I can not make out where to read messages
0	They sent me a defective product. Both products are not the same. I just demand the fee.	I accidentally ordered doubly the same product
0	when my pay will cancelled	Can I get my money back when the order is cancelled?
0	how we can shortage the delivery period and shipment process?	How can I confirm the delivery?
0	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	How can i pay for my purchase?	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
1	The seller is not responding me	the seller is not responsible or ignores me
1	ship to syria	can you ship to california
0	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	Hi. My dispute status is: Status: "Awaiting seller's receipt confirmation" and it is 7 days given for the seller to confirm the reception. Those 7 days have already passed but i have no refund for this dispute	i have a dispute with the seller
0	How to get refund from Mercado pago	How do I get refund by Yandex?
0	i will visit China	I'm a supplier from china
0	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	I need the email address for this company
0	difference of small packet an registered airmail	Why my email show be registered?
1	is there a phone number i may call?	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call?
0	hello, I had received massage through phone app that my order delivered, but however the item I did not receive	I want my order to be delivered in China. Is it possible?
0	I want to buy a product with free delivery	I want to buy a product
1	Hello! I have closed the dispute on may 21, 2017 and says that the refund will be made. When will be refunded the money?	I have not received the refund after dispute closed.
0	Unable to sign in due to the code problem	Unable to enter text message
0	How to upload MP4 in dispute	I cannot upload documents.
0	my shipment still not dispatched	I want to track my shipment
1	i want to return	I want to return goods
0	here you have order number	Why you are here?
0	i'm so disappointed, the last 3 product I orders on 1 in January and 2 in february still didn't arrive. From now how to have a confidence to order anything else!!!	i have placed 3 orders
1	Hello, Eva did you get my question	Did you get my question?
1	no shipment refund	There is no information for my shipment at this time.
1	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	How do I return to English language on your site?
0	but my seller not reply	how do i get my refund i am not getting reply to my requests
0	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	I have received a very offensive e-mail from a trader I am in dispute with
0	how can i email	How can I receive a verification email to confirm my account?
1	how to open a dispute for complete order	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
0	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	Why I do not have my money so far?
0	The shipment did not arrive	shipment takes very long
0	will My goods arrive directly to my hand or do I have to go to customs ofice	My payment does not go through what do I do?
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	I want to edit my shipping address!
0	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
1	who can help me please?	would it be possible to speak with someone who can help me
0	i am a little afraid my order has gotten lost. it has been 20 days and has not left china?	My order has been closed. When will I get my refund?
0	seller made no response	Seller response time has ended
0	how to respond on dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	HI I have been trying to pay for my stuff for weeks but it won't accept my card	I have been waiting weeks to hear back from my complaint case
1	How can I get a refund	Where can I get a refund for a defective product?
1	The deadline to open a dispute has already ended, how do I?	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
1	i need to speak with someone	I need to talk to a supervisor
0	But i have paid it	i have done that
0	i cannot delete the order	I delete an order by mistake, what can I do?
0	someone else know vietnamese?? I wanna oder	i wanna pay but I do not know how
0	how to send image	How do I send a message to seller?
0	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	I need to contact case management team
1	Hello, I just made an order but I was wrong in the delivery address, how can I change it?	Please change the delivery address, I made a mistake.
0	seller is not not trying to refund or replace	a refund if the seller has accepted the dispute
0	what was that	What is the time there?
1	I want to chat with a real human	i want to chat
0	fast shipping courier	How can I choose a courier?
0	please send me phone number because no one can help my problem	Please help me to track my order.
0	Hello, I'v received a message for refund.	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	I have problem viewing the site	I have login problem
0	remove card details	I want details of my refund
1	Are you able to help me?	can you help me with something
0	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	Can I pay by PayPal via buyer protection?
0	BUT THE ARTICLE IS ALREADY IN PORTUGAL	The email address already exists
0	can you find my order number	Did you check on my issues with order number
1	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	How do I cancel the order if I have already paid?
0	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	My order was cancelled for security reason.
1	hi where can i change my shipping address?	Can I change my shipping address?
0	How do I delete orders?	How do I delete cookies on Mac?
1	where is the dispute detail page	Where is dispute information?
1	how to reset my account password	How to set my password?
0	The product has run out...	My money has been taken out from my bank but I did not get confirmation
1	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	Why my account was deactivated?
0	question and answer	Seller does not answer
0	Yes but the seller does not respond	Seller does not respond to my refund request
0	ship back address	will you ship to my country?
0	that was automatic answer	The seller is not answer me
1	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	When will I receive refund after order closed?
0	your guys said that payment is on hold..	Is your payment system down?
0	order list pages	how can I delete the received goods and goods pending payment from the order list
0	how to get a seller coupon	How can I know I get the coupon?
0	and then the item would disappear from my cart	How can I recover the deleted item in the shopping cart?
0	I want to charge the fee.	Who is in charge of shipping charge?
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I don't know
0	the chat button does not work	My TradeManager does not work
0	I did not get the goods as described. Of course, I want to upload photos, of course, but it is not possible. I tried a video, but I can not upload it too	How can I upload the file?
1	how to remove card?	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	how a make new store	How can I add store to My Favorite Store?
0	how to become seller	How to get seller coupons?
0	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	I do not want to pay taxes
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	I am interested in information on the dispute.
0	how to leave additional feedback	When can I leave feedback?
1	I want to call	can I call you
0	Them i want to a people that speaking spanish please	Can I see wish list of other people?
1	yes i need help	i need some help
1	the color number was L	What is the color?
0	l paid an extra for the delivery because i need it in the short term	I have been charged extra
1	I just wrote my query	I just ask a question
0	But I have new email address	Can I have your email address
1	I want to shipped my order all	I want to have my orders shipped together to my address
0	its about login area	What is the area code?
0	changing the size of item	What if person keeps changing price
0	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	I want to place an order but I cannot
0	when I can leave feedback?	I cannot leave feedback on an transaction.
0	Ich use invoices.	How to use coupon?
1	can not login my account	My login information does not work
0	The promotion began, but why the price of product did not change	What is product price?
0	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	I cannot find my tracking number
0	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	What happens if an order is shown twice on my account?
0	im following up on a complaint	im speak English not good
0	how do I checked order number	How do I add a PO number to my order,
0	10 days are over	I returned over a smaller amount
0	Hello, i made an order on 20th of April	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	so please you can help me	can you help me with something
0	how to put credit card number	How do I receive refunds if my credit card is changed?
0	I want to pay but i do not want to pass my card i guess i did not buy longer, i tried to re-enter the data card's visa and scream until 07/19 and it was not over again	I want to pay with visa card but i have a problem
1	alright. Moving goods within the EU does not have to pay taxes if the seller has already paid taxes.	Do I have to pay taxes to us customs
0	Why can't I order?	Why the order can not be shipped to my country
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	What if the seller says he lost my order?
1	how can i remove order received from my order list	how to remove my order?
0	Hey. I have not received a refund yet of cash from the auction number	I have not yet received the item but the confirmation time out.
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	The seller has deceived me
0	How Do I change my password	How do I change the email on my account?
0	how to use select coupon?	How to use coupon?
1	i want to speak to a real person	i want to talk to a real person
1	want to pay for item that was refunded	How can I pay with a refunded money?
0	please initiate chat	this chat is automatic?
1	how to confirm a order	Confirm Order Received
0	Where can you click?	Where do you live?
0	i mistakenly cancelled my order after made the payment. But i want my order to be done. What can i do?	The supplier changes the price immediately after I place my order. What can I do?
1	My dispute is taking too long, why?	Why it is a long time to solve the dispute?
0	Where can you send me the address	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
1	Okay thank you help I appreciate that have a nice day thanks	Thank you I'll try.
1	I want to verify if my order was processed	I need know if my orders are processed?
0	HI I have been trying to pay for my stuff for weeks but it won't accept my card	i have been trying to uninstall TradeManager from my computer but always failed
1	How long in I forgot the password	How can I get my password back?
1	I prefer en Spanish	do you speak spanish?
0	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	I paid with credit card. When will my payment get confirmed?
1	exceeded number of purchase	Sorry, your payment was not successful. No money has been deducted. Reason: Your payment has exceeded the credit limit on this credit card.
0	how can I report a fraud seller	I want to report a feedback given by seller
0	Cancelled Orders is showing order list means	I have orders cancelled for a suspicious seller
0	My order has been retained in the Portuguese customs, I need a proof of purchase, invoice, receipt, how can I do?	how can i print the invoice for my order
0	where i can ask? because i want to know how can i use that money... it is too low to return back to me	Can I return my item because it did not fit?
0	i am following up my case	I cannot submit evidence to my case
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
1	can I sell?	Can I sell on your website?
0	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	Can you earn money for me?
1	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	It is impossible to open dispute.
0	how to upload videos	i cannot upload a photo
0	i have a appeal in process	I have a wonderful day.
0	save card details	I want to save shipping cost by sending my packages together. Is that possible?
0	I marked order received by mistake	Why my order is marked as confirmation timeout"?"
0	Do you actually have any other answer for me	Do you have any dream?
0	Why does it take so long for my payment to be processed	Why it take so long for the vendor to ship my Items?
0	Hi i want to ask where my sneakers are, thank you	Thank you I'll try.
1	what is an appeal	Why there is no My Appeal?
1	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	When will I receive a refund if the orders have been cancelled?
0	Please check the history on this site	where to check message history
1	please give phone number customer service i have problem paying for 2 days know	What is the customer service phone number
1	is this a human being?	are you human
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	I am unable to open a dispute
0	AND THAT I GOT A LANTERN BUT THE SELLER DOES NOT MEET MY MESSAGE!	What happened if the product i got does not match the description?
1	need Artificial services	can i call customer services
1	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
0	after open dispute	There is no option to open a dispute in this order.
0	i am not satisfied with dispute result	I am unable to open a dispute
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	My credit card is being declined. Do you know why?
0	ok i know that but the process is very long	How long will the seller process my order?
0	how to update mobile number?	I changed my email. How can I update it on your site?
0	how to pay local currency	How Currency Converter
0	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	I have paid for my order for more than 7 days by bank transfer, but my order is still pending payment.
0	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	I have been cheated
1	how to add video	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
1	yes, havea problem	Yes can you help
0	Invoice amount is not the same as for orders	Why my orders from different sellers have the same tracking numbers?
0	I forgot my password and email, and login id	I cannot login using my ID
1	How can I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I have received items how to confirm
0	Hello, I'd like to join your affiliate program and I'd like to use my YouTube channel. Can I use my YouTube channel link for the website	I'd like to speak with a human
0	how many days to get a refund	How many days will it take to deliver my package to UK?
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	I have no money back for the order
0	how to scan qr code	How do I authenticate secure code?
0	how to remove feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	your working hours
0	I want clear out one of my account, name is "je"	How can I log out my account?
0	Hello I would like to know I have 3 coupons but I do not know how much is worth in franc thank you	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
1	change the size	I made a purchase and want to change the size
0	now haven't received payment returned	I wonder if I can use that payment will be returned
1	can I speak with someone?	would it be possible to speak with someone who can help me
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	How to change reason
1	How to ship back the item	Can I ship the order back?
0	Hi, I need your help. I would like to open dispute, but the order is finished and it's more than 15 days since I confirmed the receipt so it's not possible to open dispute. Is it still possible to open dispute for the reason that the item is not wo	Can I open a finished dispute
0	hello, can I speak spanish?	can i speak to a person?
1	can u help me with it instead	can u help
0	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	One of my order was canceled by seller. how can i receive my money back?
1	Eva are you for real, like a real person or a robot.	Is this a computer or a real person?
0	I cannot see order in my car	I cannot see the picture
1	How can I contact customer service	how do i get to customer service
0	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	I have orders in dispute, when I will have my money back
0	I have paid twitch	I have paid for my orders but the sellers have cancelled my order
0	I have 7 orders which I have not received. They have all passed their open dispute dates	I did all the steps to make a claim and have received no response.
0	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	I want my order to ship to a different address
0	in my order list "View Detail" ,last status at april 27 and no more	I would like to delete my feedback for my last order
1	Are you able to help me	Are u able to help me
0	How do I cancel my account	How do I change the language on my account?
0	I could not pay for my order and I've already supplied an appeal and it was approved	I have already paid for my order
0	I wanna see my tracking details	I cannot find my order details.
1	how to find a product	I want to know how to find the product
1	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	I cannot place an order.
1	I want to chat with a real human	can i chat with a real person
1	It's not possible to contact customer service	I need contact the customer service
0	I wanna buy something product but I dont know how to pay money	How do I pay for my product in Brazilian money?
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	Can I pay with visa card?
0	turn off promotions	Are these knock off items?
0	add email address	Can I add more shipping address?
0	i bought five cell phones and ipad	I paid by Western Union
0	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	Why my order status says awaiting your payment?
1	Why nobody can help?	can someone help me
0	that didn't work	The item does not work properly
0	i want to change my password	I want to change my order
0	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	I placed my order and the seller asked to cancel.
0	how to extend buyer protection time	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
0	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	the status shows waiting for acceptance,
0	where is the dispute detail page	I want to know the contact detail of a seller.
0	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	I asked a couple of questions?	I paid for my order, and I am being asked to pay it again, what do I do?
1	how to delete orders	How can i delete the completed orders or useless orders under my account?
1	So how can I chat with human	Can I chat with an agent?
0	Why is the shipment cancelled	I accidentally cancelled the dispute
0	when my pay will cancelled	When will I get my refund for the cancelled order
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do I change my bank details?
1	how to delete item in shopping cart	How do I delete items in Shopping Cart?
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	I have not received the shipment of order
0	save card details	I want details of my refund
0	hello! may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	I do not know when the status Was suspicious order
0	i want to cancel my credit card	If I use my credit card, is it secure?
0	i received an item today that I have been issued a refund. how can I pay now?	I have been sent a faulty item
0	i got new debit card how do i up date my card	I am using a debit card. There is no expiry date
0	Track your refund progress	What is the progress of my credit card verification?
1	I want a real person &amp; NOT a robot.	I want to talk to a person but not a robot
0	I want to buy this machine and have it delivered to germany	I want to buy a lot of products
0	What if I don't like the way the dress fits or it is the wrong size? Can I return it for a refund?	I do not see where I enter the dress size?
1	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	I accidentally pressed a button to confirm the order and the goods are not received.
0	my account does not allow me to place orders until I validate my account VIA appeal form	Why does the system not recognize my account?
0	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	what should i do next?
0	refund and return	Who will pay for return shipping?
0	I tried to get help a long time ago for this problem and gave up buying from this site, There are some things I want to buy. If you help me I can buy from the website. If you keep not helping me I cannot buy from the website ever. Please put your boss on t	unsubscribe me from your website
0	Why do i have to resubmit the documents i already submitted to you? WHY? WHY? WHY?	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	Did you helped me?	do you like me
0	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	Do you accept Yandex Money?
1	here you have order number	do you have a phone number?
0	I ordered tea bags in November	the package i ordered says it was delivered to another country
1	how to check order number	How to get my order number?
1	I thought this was supposed to be a live chat?	I would like live chat
0	I want refund	I want to revise refund request
0	how to re open a dispute	How can I open dispute if order complete?
0	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	My order has been shipped to wrong country
1	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	I need to change my product because the size is small
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change my payment information?
0	i want to get receipt	Can I get one receipt for orders of all sellers?
1	Can I chat a person? Robot eva is not getting it	can I get a person?
0	What happens if I don't get my refund	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	wanting place an order but i cannot	I cannot place the order from Washington state
0	how to stop receiving mails	I want to stop payment on my order.
0	But the product is requested	How much is a product?
0	when i log in on computer, my wishlist is not updated. It's not same as on my apps	I cannot log in my account, there is no field to write my email and password
0	how to stop seller messages	The seller did not respond my messages
0	Today I have placed an order as a guest but have not received confirmation.	i have placed an order but i wish to confirm the mailing address
0	were in my elemnt i purchase	I want to return my purchase
1	how can help me	can someone help me
0	I cannot contact seller	I cannot write into the box to contact my supplier
0	want to pay for item that was refunded	Can I pay for an item using skrill?
0	the seller sent wrong color	what to do if the seller has sent the goods in the wrong postal company?
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	If you know a date that my order will arrive?
0	Im interested in purchasing 7 chinese wall lights need little more information	Your not really giving me the information that I need
1	Unable to create an account	I am not able to create an account
0	restore order list	I cannot restore password
0	hello, I have a quesion. I ordered product to New Zealand with alie express shipping est. delivery 13-20 days. One time I ordered e packet to new zealand est. delivery 20-40 days. However the e packet arrived within 12 days. Is e packet usually faster to n	Why I have not received my refund after more than 20 working days?
0	I don't see what to clock	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
1	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
0	hello what is the difference between frame and no frame? can i hang "no frame" on the wall or is it just the actual canvas attached to nothing, like a poster?	What is difference between Quick Pay and Will Call?
0	Can you see where it is	where can I see the list of my purchase
0	how do I get the order number	How do I get the order shipped to me fast?
0	how to check if seller is reliable.	How do I check a seller if they have no feedback?
1	I want invoice	I want to have an invoice with product name
1	Is there a real person who can help me?	would it be possible to speak with someone who can help me
0	i need to chat now	I am now in
0	DO U SPEAK FRENCH PLEASE	Can I speak with an agent please?
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	Do you accept Yandex Money?
0	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	I want to ask a question
0	i need to speak with maria	I need to speak to sales representative
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	I need help with my order
1	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	How do I know if I will have to pay customs fees?
0	hello, i click in product received	I asked questions about the product, but received no response
0	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
1	Contact Customer Service this option doesn't work	are you customer service
0	which country do you live?	Which kinds of evidences do you expect?
0	we do not need remove please we need person can understand me	what do we need to do to correct the zip code on our order
0	how to delete account	How do I reactivate account?
0	Hi! How fast can you ship to Norway?	How do you ship multiple orders?
0	don't you understand me??	how can you understand me
0	and I have not received any mail in the past 24 hrs	I have not find any tracking information
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	i want to be seller	I want to give a feedback for a seller.
0	Hi, I have a problem with my payment.	I have a problem with my account
0	Who is your boyfriend?	Who is your boss?
1	how to use reward points	What is Available Points?
1	Why are the answers automatically? I do not want to talk to the vendor.	I want to talk to you
0	Bank Konto BLZ	I want bank deposit
0	I cannot see order in my car	I cannot see the tracking of my order
1	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	Seller does not respond to my refund request
0	i bought something at store roy wang	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
0	how can i change my credit card details	How can I find the details for my order?
0	Forgot login how to restore?	I cannot restore password
0	Today I have placed an order as a guest but have not received confirmation.	I have placed an order and i entered wrong address
0	I am so angry	The messages in my inbox do not get refreshed so I am unable to check
0	it's been 32 days i dont see any update on my order	I paid for the order, but the order status does not update.
1	How do I change my email address	My email address is wrong and I need change it.
0	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	How do I combine payment?
0	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	I have not received payment confirmation email
0	When will I get the parcel?	When will I get a refund for the order?
0	I have a question about the plugins to display products on my website	I have one question.
0	why seller extend the delivery period	the seller promised me EMS delivery, but sent China post
0	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	My order has been closed for security reason. What can I do?
1	how to feedback	How do I leave feedback?
0	I want refund	I want refund via Boleto
0	how to exchange app coins	How do I exchange the item for the right size?
0	Hello, can you attend me in portuguese?	Can you follow me?
0	How can I confirm delivery once I have received my order	My supplier wants me confirm delivery before order is received
1	upload video evidence	How to add video as my evidence?
1	do you have a phone number?	do you have a phone number?
1	estimated time delivery	the estimate time for delivery
0	Sorry but it's too much for you to make it human, you say a lot of repeat phase!	you are a bot? or a human?
0	I have a code for 435 off my order put it is not allowing me to put the code in	Where can I put my address?
0	how do I remove my credit card details	How do I change credit card?
0	I ordered some tea bags in November, that haven't arrived.	i ordered product
1	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	My account is disabled. I have to activate.
0	Dear friend, Thanks for your message and order. When we are arranging to refund to you, and the system showed you opened the dispute, so we could not refund to you. Please don't worry. We will not let you lose your money. Could you please cancel the di	could you answer me in English please?
0	place an order?	Why I cannot place order?
1	how do i delete my account	How do I delete my information
0	For example this store, How to find the item ship from USA	How do I find a supplier by his store number?
0	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	I want to revise refund request
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore	I could not able to change my Password.
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
0	What I have to do for my seller to be able to adjust a price	The supplier changes the price immediately after I place my order. What can I do?
0	coins has not added	Apply for compensation (COINS)
0	how to add video	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	how i can use Visa
0	how to fi	How to be affiliate
0	i have paid for my product	The seller do not have the product i paid
1	yes i need help	I need your help
0	how to use buyer protection	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	How do I put the assessment of the seller?
0	how to confirm order	Why the deadline for confirm order received changed?
0	already received product	I already paid the order
0	Hello. I reached out for customer service 3 times now.	i have placed 3 orders
0	it is not letting me sign in?	Why it keep ask me to sign in when I make payment?
1	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	Can you please tell me your email address
1	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	my order has not been shipped
0	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	What does "Waiting Receipt" means? Isn't payment OK?	What does a copy of bank statement means?
1	I produced the video of the second faulty flashlight	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	do you have an answer on my question
1	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	There is no option for opening dispute
0	I have speak with one of your colleagues and they told me that they will see	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
1	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call?
0	how do I place order	How do I resume order?
0	How do I get coupon	How do I delete coupon?
0	Not satisfied with dispute	I am not satisfied with the goods
0	i haven't received my order	I cannot place my order
1	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	will I get my money back if the order is cancelled
0	hello, there no chat now available since yesterday until now. why?	I had escalated dispute but until now there is no update.
0	Is nobody online for helping	are you online?
0	hello, I was issued a refund for an item not received and now it has been delivered. What can I do to pay?	My dispute has been escalated for long time. What can I do?
0	talked to you yesterday about my account	you could tell me about my process of dispute.
0	how to cancel your account	Your account is temporarily unavailable.
0	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	How can I check if you have my right address for delivery?
0	Are there other ways to pay	How do I find out how much I should pay in other currency?
0	Need you to confirm my credit card	I need to change my credit card details.
1	My tracking is not working.	Why my tracking code is not working?
1	How do i upload photo in dispute?	I cannot open dispute without photo.
0	Who will bear the shipping cost?	How much is the shipping cost?
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
1	how many can i add to my shopping cart	How many items I can add to Shopping Cart?
0	how to withdraw my credit card	Where is Jack Ma?
1	Forgot login how to restore?	forgot user name
0	refund is stuck at processing	How long is processing time?
1	i have to send back the item back to china	I want to send back the goods.
1	I request dispute	How do I request a refund?
1	i want to recover deleted orders	How do I recover an order deleted by mistake?
1	i need help with	I need help man.
0	They sent me a defective product. Both products are not the same. I just demand the fee.	Where can I get a refund for a defective product?
1	tried to pay for my order wouldnt go thru whats up?	I tried using my card to pay but it keeps getting declined.
1	hi eva. im having a problem with an order	Im having problems with this order
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please	I have not been repaid for a cancelled order
1	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	Why I cannot place order?
0	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	Can I find verified seller?
0	where can i find my barcode	Where can I find old messages from the seller?
0	cash on delivery is available	Are you available?
0	Why do i have to resubmit the documents i already submitted to you? WHY? WHY? WHY?	Why do not I have points for my orders?
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to reorder some items.
0	fabric on children's clothes	What's your job?
1	please send me phone number because no one can help my problem	Please advise me your service phone number
0	My orders are getting canceled..	When I placed my order the card kept getting rejected
0	i need my money	I need change my feedback.
1	Why are the answers automatically? I do not want to talk to the vendor.	i want to talk on the phone
1	please to meet you too	nice to meet you
0	How do I use my email address in new account	How do I change register email address?
0	The product came but I can not transfer the money to the seller	seller now asks for more money for the product
0	how to check if seller is reliable.	How to check if seller sent goods to correct address?
1	i need to talk to human being please	I need to talk to a supervisor
1	How to register an account	How can I register?
0	i haven't received my order	my order can't go through
0	feedback is not showing	I have just paid for an order but it is still showing as awaiting payment
1	how to change your email address	How do I change register email address?
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	How to see the warranty	How can i see my orders?
1	how can I report a fraud seller	How can I report the bad supplier?
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	how you can be contacted?
0	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	why have you confirmed my order when i have opened a dispute?
0	hi, How to resume the dispute? i am travelled and dispute was closed	I am failed to open a dispute
1	Can I talk to someone without being a machine?	I need to talk to someone will not take my password
0	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	How long does it takes from I placed my order until i get an e-mail?
1	I cannot response to claim	I cannot response to my claim
1	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	order has not arrived
0	Is nobody online for helping	is this chat online?
0	how to receive refund through Boleto?	How soon can I receive the refund?
0	for redemption says i'm out with the days	I am trying to place an order but it says error
0	are we corresponding	Can we send payment with paypal?
0	Is there a real person who can help me?	who help me
0	19/5000 I just canceled	i just place an order
0	I paid my order several times, because?	If I order several different vendors orders will be shipped together?
0	how to add item to your wish list	How many products can I add to Wish List?
0	There is no button to click	accidentally click sellers solution
0	read my question before answer pls	have you shipped to my country before?
1	how can i use american express	Can I use American Express card?
1	cant speak to live chat	live chat button
1	A product does not match and does not work	What happened if the product i got does not match the description?
1	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	Why order has been cancelled?
0	did i not create an account when I ordered my product	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
1	My received was hold in the customs	My product is destroyed by the customs, what can I do
1	Hi, can you verify an invoice?	Can you offer me the proforma invoice?
0	cannot contact seller	I cannot track my products with the code entered by the seller
1	how can i email	How can I contact you via email?
0	I cannot upload a video	i cannot upload a photo
0	i do it but not working	I have pre-paid card and in the transaction is not working
1	when my pay cancelled	When will i receive my refund after order is cancelled?
0	What I should do?	This account does not exist, what should I do?
0	add card on payment	Why I cannot make the payment with credit card?
1	i just have a question	I have one question.
0	how do i delete my account	How do I create my account?
0	It is the third time that I communicate by this means	do you marry me?
0	The address was right but said it was wrong. Why are you like this?	package is shipped to wrong address
1	i want to be connected with a real person	Can i speak to a real person?
0	how to leave feedback to the seller	When can I leave feedback?
0	I have already send the proof to your colleagues	i have already ordered an item
0	Hello, how can I sponsor a friend?	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	I can not leave feedback because the page is covered with text asking me to put stars	When can I leave feedback?
0	sir i have to purchase a product from you sir	How can I make a purchase from Washington state?
1	Can I talk to someone without being a machine?	how can I talk to someone on the phone
1	Unable to create an account	why I cannot create an account for me
0	I could not pay for my order and I've already supplied an appeal and it was approved	I already paid the order
0	How to Disable automatic login to russian site	How to check the website in Russian?
0	i am unable to join	The messages in my inbox do not get refreshed so I am unable to check
0	what the fuck you talking about	What do you guys do about false advertising
0	I can not leave feedback because the page is covered with text asking me to put stars	Can seller force me to give 5 stars?
0	The products received are not what I have agreed	I left a feedback for a company and I want to change what I wrote
1	Should I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay my taxes and taxes?	do I have to pay any taxes to the Brazilian customs
0	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	I paid and the request is not yet listed as paid.
0	I have a problem with the system I visited this page I filled out the form	I have login problem
0	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	Why my order have not been cancelled?
0	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	who can tell me the status?
0	How to edit on dispute	How do I edit my name?
1	why ship by air took so long?	Why the shipment time is so long?
1	i want to return	I want to return damaged goods
0	I have no pay without paypal	Do I have to pay for TradeManager?
0	how to send image	How much to send it to my country?
1	How can I change feedback	How do I change feedback?
0	Did you receive my order back yet?	i did not receive delivery and no money back
0	i mean is that the case?	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	Why the money is not returning	Money is insufficient.
0	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	i wanna told with the admin
0	I can't open dispute	How can I open dispute if order complete?
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	I cannot find my orders that were placed.
0	can anyone order from this site	my supplier has disappeared from your site
0	please trace and i wanted a refund	i just wanted to confirm they had the right address
1	please can u give mave ur number to call	could u please call
0	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	Can I open a finished dispute
0	i need help to login	i need some help
0	how to pay via western union	If I pay with Western Union how I will give you the number
0	No, it is impossible to send mail	Can I pay by mail?
0	You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again.	please fix your message center
0	hello i have another issue	hello I have a problem with a store
0	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	Why payment has been taken twice from my credit card?
0	can you dance for me?	can you tell me
0	how reward points will be added	I did not get points, what can I do?
0	did i not create an account when I ordered my product	I am not able to create an account
0	Didnt say anything about email	what to say
0	How to register an account	How to use register coupon?
1	how to upload photo	i cannot upload a photo
0	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	i just place an order
0	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	my supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	I can not take your tablet. I need to bill the tablet.	i need to know if you take mastercard?
0	how to check coupons?	How to check saved stores?
0	COME TO MY BED	How long will it take for my product to come
0	How do I exchange app coins	How do I exchange the item for the right size?
0	are you bot	are you there
0	my name is Bill	I need bill
0	your guys said that payment is on hold..	I paid for an order but it said that is still waiting payment
0	how do i use select coupon	Why can't I use my select coupon?
1	would prefer to call	i cant call you
0	this isn't helping	U can't be serious
0	how to withdraw my credit card	How do I delete a comment?
0	I want to buy this machine and have it delivered to germany	Can I have a reduction on the product I want to buy
0	hello i am just wondering if i'm on the right site. i sign up for the affiliate program but i am a bit confuse, i do not see anywhere i can get a link to post to my website	i am having issues with the website
1	Yes product same seller same item	How do I order from the same seller?
0	how to check membership level?	How to check saved stores?
0	I CANNOT BUY FROM CART	I cannot add it to cart. It is not working.
0	and there have not called me	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	where do I find the shopping cart	How do I delete items in Shopping Cart?
0	This is over 30 days I guess. Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	I cannot leave feedback.
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	can you tell me how i can check the order status?
0	The seller doesn't respond to me. What should I do?	I accidentally confirmed the order, and the seller does not respond. What can I do?
1	I can't open dispute and how can I contact to my seller?	How can I contact seller?
0	respond on dispute	I opened a dispute and the seller did not respond, the dispute was closed.
0	how to check your order number	How do I check where my order is?
1	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	you never returned my money
1	as a human	are you human
0	please trace and i wanted a refund	I wanted to make an order to be delivered to China
0	my order was 120 plus total	this is my order
0	My order was stuck, so I opened a dispute. I won and got the refund, but now the item randomly arrived and I want to give the money back to the seller. What can I do?	My item was shipped back. How do I get it now?
1	How do I manage my shopping cart	How do I add to the shopping cart?
1	How to find the order number?	How to find the order number?
1	card details edit	I need to change my credit card details.
1	Is cash on delivery option is available?	Do you offer cash on delivery service?
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	a link should open up in my browser but it is broken and does nothing even though the little "hand" appears when hovering over	the reply does not open up in the messages center
1	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	trying to pay with my master card and it was not going
0	Because before I was able to order hair by 3 pieces but now it's no longer possible	I pressed Pay Now button 3 times. What can I do?
0	I cannot pay with my Mastercard.	if I use Mastercard to pay do I need to pay any charges?
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	i have a debit master card
0	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	I have place many orders pending of payment. I want to pay all of them together.
0	replace card information	I will upload my card and identity information
0	and i know you have a large market base in nigeria	I know that you are a robot.
1	Are you married?	Have you been married?
1	Can I talk with a REAL person?	Can i speak to a real person?
0	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	Where can I see the dispute result?
1	Check the refund on my card.	where can i check my refund has been transfer
0	so i waited for 2weeks	I love you so much.
0	and i am out of time	Order closed by time out
0	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	I can not confirm receipt of goods.
1	Is not there a human to attend to?	may i talk with human?
0	my account is not working	is my account free
0	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	I am unavailable to place my order
0	how do I confirm goods?	How do I return the goods?
1	Hi there, I'm trying to view a product I ordered but I don't have access	I am trying to get access to my account but it will not let me.
0	could help me	Please call me.
0	My Order List	i wanna delete all in my order list
0	I have my credit card with you for instant pay,	Why I failed to pay with my credit card?
0	What is the maximum amount of time a dispute lasts?	What is the Minimum amount buying the samples?
0	How do I use Select Coupon?	I have a coupon, how do I use it in my new order?
0	I want to be a dropshipper	I want you.
0	i ordered a phone. its broken	i ordered a product
0	how can i use american express	How do I choose Express company?
1	HI, Anyone there can answer my question? thanks	Did you answer my question?
1	I only paid the same order twice	Why the same order was credited twice?
0	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	Can you please tell me your email address
0	order closed payment not processed	Why is my payment being verified while the payment has already been processed?
1	hi, i have a problem	Oh i have a problem
1	you're a computer?	Is this a computer or a real person
0	I am not satisfied with dispute result. What can I do?	Where can I see the dispute result?
1	Can I chat a person? Robot eva is not getting it	i want to chat with a real person
0	hello what is the difference between frame and no frame? can i hang "no frame" on the wall or is it just the actual canvas attached to nothing, like a poster?	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	seller no longer available
0	Hello, Is there a location where I can find the invoices of my purchases?	Where can I find my dispute cases?
0	Are you an idiot? I need to remove or delete an appeal.	I want to remove a transaction
0	exceeded number of items	The items purchased are in bad condition
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	My seller has sent out the product. I want to cancel the order
0	Yes I brought a wig and what i wanted they done have	i wanted to know the order status
0	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	My order was closed for security reason.
0	how to delete card	How to delete my account?
0	Shipping canceled for what reason	what is reason it is frozen?
0	How do I tell the clerk?	can you tell me how i can check the order status?
0	You are saying anything about my refund	Why you give so much time for the supplier about my case?
0	I cannot response to claim	I did all the steps to make a claim and have received no response.
0	How to get refund from Mercado pago	How to get a refund for a canceled order?
0	My system goes straight to pay	I want to use a coupon to pay my order
0	I marked order received by mistake	Can I order samples?
0	You cannot help me	Can you help me?
0	I want invoice	I want to pay a purchase with bank invoice
0	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	How can I get repair service from your site?
0	not save card	How to pay with credit card?
0	need to check my order	I need to check my order status but i do not remember which email and password
0	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	I am not satisfied with the goods
0	this is getting no where	Why does my order keep getting closed after payment?
0	How to extend buyers protection?	How do I undo extend processing time?
1	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	How to add video as my evidence?
0	I want to check if they were really ordered, if do i need to cancel one of them	I paid for their goods. How can I combine them into one package?
0	I forgot my password and email	I cannot log in my account, there is no field to write my email and password
0	Sales email address	email address to make complaint.
0	how to find a good seller?	The product is not good and cannot contact the seller
0	unable to set the shipping address	I want to change the shipping address
1	Extend delivery time	extend protection time
0	I do not want to cancel my order	I want to cancel my order and get refund.
0	I need ask give number	If I pay with Western Union how I will give you the number
0	I need my refund	I need to change the refund amount on my order
0	i am not satisfied with the dispute	I am unable to open a dispute
1	how to delete orders	how can i delete pass orders?
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do I change my feedback on an item?
0	Add to Wish List Does not work	How do I add store to wish list?
1	its less than 20	I have not received my refund afte more than 20 working days
0	How to register an account	how to register in the police?
0	will you deliver to company	I paid to deliver goods by Fedex but they have sent goods to China post
1	need to check my order	Did you check on my issues with order number
0	What are the shipping method?	wrong shipping method
0	i cancelled my order with the seller already	I paid for my order already, but no message from my bank
0	I'll turn off the computer and try it again tomorrow. I think it's your problem. The other internet is not a problem at all....	Thank you I'll try.
0	when i received the order it was twenty days wrong color	When order i gave you a wrong address
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	Why you charged my credit card twice?
0	hi, why i cannot pay with ideal?	Why can't I pay by business card?
0	but contacted with bank nothing hold from them	how you can be contacted?
0	i mistakenly cancelled my order after made the payment. But i want my order to be done. What can i do?	How do I cancel my order after made ??it?
0	not sure what 25cm by 33cm means	How to make sure the sender will use my full name on the addressee?
0	I have a question about taxes	I have a question about my coupons
0	i havent received my goods	The goods received are not what I agreed upon
0	i cant log in. i created my purchase with the wrong email address.	My email address is correct. Why I cannot log in?
1	Dispute finished. Seller agreed to refund but refund not received.	I have not received the refund but I won the dispute
0	How to return back the item	The item is back to China
0	how do I place order	How can I place an order in specified size?
0	if i sell here, can i get the payment sent to my paypal account?	Can I pay the order with other payment methods, such as PayPal?
1	Good morning, Eva. It is possible to verify a request made by me because DHL did not identify my purchase by the tracking code.	Why my tracking code is not working?
0	i need help to login	i need help here
0	dear i want not buy. its for place a order and the seller can change the price	Seller increased price after order
1	Hello, can you help me?	can you help me?
0	how to contact your seller	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	turn off promotions	how to delete off your order
0	OMG I keep losing the conversation wtf?	you keep giving the same answer
1	I have already open a dispute but they refuse it	I already open dispute but you close it.
1	is the dispute for redemption does not work	Why the dispute button does not work?
0	yes i did multiple orders	Are multiple orders shipped as one?
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	I can't submit evidence to my case
1	i have not recieved my money	I want my money
0	I want to change my credit card which is registered for payment	Which credit card can I use?
0	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	Is something wrong with your payment options?
0	the seller changed the shipping method?	Is there any method to contact the seller?
1	How do I check if a seller reliable?	How do I find reliable sellers?
0	my demand in not including anything you or your system wrote	Is your payment system down?
0	unresolved refund status	What is the status of my order?
0	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	My order is still awaiting payment
0	I made the payment first.	How do I know if the payment was made?
0	how to use buyer protection	How to extend my buyer protection time?
1	How to check select coupon	How do I check my coupon?
0	How can I access my mobile orders on my PC?	I can no longer access my account
1	i cancelled an order and i need my money to go back on my card immediately	If I cancel my order, will I get my money back automatically
0	my email is	Customer service email
0	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	I canceled my order. When can I get my money?
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	I would like to change my shipping address
1	i need to open dispute	I want to open dispute
1	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	the system is busy
0	how to place the order but do not pay for it	How do I pay for my order?
0	I want to cancel the extra shipping charge for the item I bought.	i want my item
0	open dispute but seller refuse to refund	Seller accepted the terms of the dispute but there was no refund.
0	I was paying with the American card and I already put 2 times the information on the card and the payment was not processed as the message tells me there was an error	After I click login it gives me an error message
0	I can not leave feedback because the page is covered with text asking me to put stars	How can I leave a feedback?
0	How do I use a coupon or discount	I have purchase items. How do I get discount coupon?
0	My system goes straight to pay	Can I pay in my local currency?
1	I have not received the shipment	I would like to help me with a shipment that I never received
0	I have speak with one of your colleagues and they told me that they will see	I placed an order through one of your sellers
1	other orders arrived in time	order has not arrived
0	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	Can other people see my wish list?
0	Hello Eva, hoow are you?	why are you named eva?
0	can you please tell me when my orders will be delivered	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
1	Sorry for my english. I speak french.	I know my english is not very good sorry
0	how to leave feedback	How do I cancel feedback?
1	please trace and i wanted a refund	I want to track my order
1	Hello, I just made an order but I was wrong in the delivery address, how can I change it?	I ordered with wrong delivery address. How do I fix it?
0	I could not pay for my order and I've already supplied an appeal and it was approved	I could not pay for my order, what can I do?
0	but more then 20 days is happen still payment not get	I want solution to my dispute escalated for more than 90 days
0	coins has not added	How do I use the coins?
0	How are you today?	What day is it today?
1	here you have order number	do you have a phone number
0	I am asking to combine orders for payment	How do I combine multiple orders in one dispatch?
0	I had received the order, I dont need refund.	I have not received a partial refund of my order
0	Okay thank you help I appreciate that have a nice day thanks	I have a question can you help?
0	What happen to you	What will happen if seller approves dispute?
1	how to cancel unpaid order	How do I cancel my order?
0	Hi. My dispute status is: Status: "Awaiting seller's receipt confirmation" and it is 7 days given for the seller to confirm the reception. Those 7 days have already passed but i have no refund for this dispute	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	is there anyone there?????	Do not want anyone to see my name from feedback
1	I think I just ordered twice? same thing by mistake	I have accidentally placed double order on the same thing
0	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	can i speak to a real person?	can i speak to a real person not computer to help me
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017 go to hell	I want to make one payment for your items.
0	how to check coupon?	How to check the reliability of the supplier?
0	Good morning, I would like to know how to be an affiliate and sell the products	I want to sell your products
0	please translate into portuguese	I want to close debate in favor of the seller, the goods were received.
0	and me too	Shipping too long
0	hello, I have a quesion. I ordered product to New Zealand with alie express shipping est. delivery 13-20 days. One time I ordered e packet to new zealand est. delivery 20-40 days. However the e packet arrived within 12 days. Is e packet usually faster to n	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
0	i'm having a problem with appeal	I'm having a problem with my product
0	I don't know English	I don't know
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	I order a thing 2 months ago but i still did not get it
0	Can i introduce a friend?	hello my friend
0	how to change details	How to change the language into english
0	how to get a seller coupon	How to get a coupon back?
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	I would like to change shipping address and contact name. How can I do?
0	Hi, can you help me?	Please call me.
0	i did not forgot my password. i just want to change it frequently.	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	I have complains about a seller
0	Do i get a shipping discount if it's a large order?	How do I get a coupon for a discount of $25?
0	how to reset account passwords	how to cancel my account
0	i'm live in india so how much time to i get product?	How do I get a live person
0	it said it was unsuccessful in loading it	I have placed order but they said transaction closed.
0	But you are saying anything about my refund	I paid my purchase but it was saying that there was no payment
0	this is my pleasure	this is my number
0	Is it true that I have to cancel the dispute before they can process a refund?	Dispute Process number
0	how to pay using idea	Can i pay using debit card?
0	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	How can i delete my Awaiting Payment orders?
1	order list pages	I paid for items and they are not in the order list.
1	They still haven't arrived	order has not arrived
0	The wireless charger l received is faulty and doesn't charge	Can I charge with Euro?
0	I dont want a stupid robot, I need an answer	i dont speak english
1	how to get the order number	How to find my order number?
0	why not received a reward from lucky forest	Why I received the less refund?
1	where is the coupon located	Where is my coupon?
0	How to get reward points	How to get discount products?
0	no order found	Page cannot be found
1	i cannot see my order	I did not see my order. Where is it?
0	how to link my card?	That's my order link
0	how to respond to escalated dispute	dispute escalated but i received the goods. how to close it
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	Oh i have a problem
0	I don't have my two orders. The tracking says delivery failed. I want refund.	I made two orders of the same item
0	yes, I keep trying to pay but it wont work	yes i need your help
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	How to send email
0	i want to ship the order in china	I want my order to ship to a different address
1	im trying to figure out why order was cancelled	Why my order was cancelled by email?
1	problem with the bad seller	I have problem with order. The seller is a liar and a cheater.
0	how to get the order number	How to get the tracking number?
0	my name is Bill	I want to change my name
0	I have no visa card and debit card	does visa debit card work
0	What is Domestic Returns	What is Love"?"
0	is there any extra charges for refund	how to delete my extra order
0	Specific country warranty	How do I contact a specific store?
0	and I have not received any mail in the past 24 hrs	i want your mail
0	What number is the beginning of my purchase I made on the date of 21 05 2017	made a purchase with you but my order was cancelled par failure to pay
0	how to feedback	How can I change a feedback?
0	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	What do I do if the seller wants to raise the price?
1	My membership level are not added	Why my rewarded points are not added?
0	this is getting no where	Where is that at?
1	how to change card details	How do I change my credit card number?
0	number will received	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
0	how do i change my number?	How do I change the language on my account?
0	i know this	I don't know.
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I DON'T GET MY ORDER	If I cancel my order will I get a refund?
1	you are a computer?	Is this a computer or a real person
0	I have new email	can i have your email
1	how do i set shipping address?	How do I add another shipping address?
0	how can i email	How can I change my email? I put a wrong email.
0	I can't get help from you	can you help with that?
0	how to check feedback?	How to check the website in Russian?
0	I want to pay but i do not want to pass my card i guess i did not buy longer, i tried to re-enter the data card's visa and scream until 07/19 and it was not over again	i tried using my visa debit card to purchase items online but it did not go through.
0	i am very upset	I know my english is not very good sorry
0	the seller sent wrong color	the seller has sent the goods in the wrong index
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	I have pre-paid card and in the transaction is not working
0	I have ordered with an incorrect email address	I have ordered an item and I cannot pay it by bank transfer
1	how can I'm get my Refund	how to get my refund?
0	i am not received my order	I am unable to locate my order
1	I guess you're a robot	are you robot or human?
1	i am looking for a product	I am searching a product
1	are you computer?	are you a live person or a computer
0	I am still not able to pay my orders	I am not able to buy anything
0	I want to shipped my order all	How can I know if my order was shipped?
1	delete order history	can I delete the transaction history
0	my demand in not including anything you or your system wrote	Why your system keep cancelling my order?
0	I asked many times the seller but he/she is always saying it will be here in week or two	How many times can I revise feedback?
0	i need to open dispute	Do I need to return the package if I open a dispute?
1	good night thank you	Thank you so much
0	What is Domestic Returns	What is TradeManager?
0	How to change my contact details	how to look the details of the product ordered
0	contacting the seller	Who is the seller?
0	how I pay money?	I want to cancel an order and use the money to pay for another order
0	how to find deleted order	How can I recover the deleted item in the shopping cart?
0	who pay tax	Who will pay for return shipping?
0	how do i delete my account	How do I delete messages?
1	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	I would like to speak with a customer service agent.
1	no paypal account?	PayPal is gone
0	I have been asking for help for 30 minutes. Please put your boss on?	Who is your boss?
0	How to put credit card in account	How do I receive a refund by credit card?
0	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	Can you help me find the product on the site?
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please	I have cancelled order due wrong behavior of supplier, please send money back
0	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	The order status has not changed after I made the payment, what happens?
0	Please, I could not checkout	Could you please help me?
0	i'm so disappointed, the last 3 product I orders on 1 in January and 2 in february still didn't arrive. From now how to have a confidence to order anything else!!!	I can not order anything now
0	I placed an order as a guest but do not have confirmation	I have not got any confirmation after I paid for my order
0	how to get a seller coupon	I have purchase items. How do I get discount coupon?
1	Can u please talk to me	Are u able to help me
0	what is rewards points	What is the time there?
1	why ship by air took so long?	Why it takes so long for the vendor to ship my Items
1	How do I delete orders?	how can i delete pass orders?
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	i Want To Speak to The manager
0	what is coins	My pre-sale order is closed, are the coins returned?
1	Can I reopen a dispute	How can I reopen a dispute case?
0	i am very upset	Ok Eva thanks very much I understand
0	I cannot upload video	I cannot upload documents.
0	You don't understand that the buyer protection has ended and I was not refunded and I didn't get my order.	I don't speak english
0	I placed an order the order was not shipped I paid for the order and shipping fee I was only refunded my order fee only and shipping fee was not refunded why?	escrow fee cancellation of order
0	how to block to block the seller	Why security block my transaction?
0	my order status is closed wahy???	What is the status of my order?
1	how to set new shipping address	How do I add shipping address?
0	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	I have not received my goods and the sender has not responded to my message
1	Can somebody help me	can you help me?
0	i think my tracking number is a fake	I need tracking number for my order
1	May I ask a question?	i would like to ask a question
0	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	We currently cannot process business card
1	ok, thank you. I ordered this sunday. Means I have at least one month to see what will happen. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day and best wishes from Turkey	thank you very much for your help
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	i used my debit card and i have funds available
0	I did not receive the refund	I did not receive my item. How do I get a refund?
0	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	I have paid for my order for more than 7 days by bank transfer, but my order is still pending payment.
0	add new address	How can I add my P.O box in shipping address?
0	I wrote may a week ago a report on this site. Please check it	May I pay with PayPal?
0	i want to know my refund payment status	I want to know if supplier received payment or not
1	If I order a shipping free product, do i need to pay for custom duty in my country??	How much customs or import duty do I have to pay?
0	how to set new shipping address	How can I change my shipping address?
0	May I know if how will I be able to delete my account?	How can I delete my card from my account?
1	how to verify account	How can i verify my address?
1	how many time take for delivery?	how many days will it take to reach the destination
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	It is to expensive for me to send the good back
0	also I can't open other pages with such goods	I have received the goods and I also received full refund.
0	I want e-mail	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
1	i havent received my goods	I have not received my goods, what can I do
0	how do I find a certain store?	How do I add store to wish list?
0	you want to know how to add passport details	how to look the details of the product ordered
0	how to change to password?	How to change the language into english
1	I'd like to cancel my order.	I would like to cancel my order. How can I do this?
1	remove card details	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	Hi. I have not received my products, and the status is finished now.	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	save card information	Why will not this site accept my visa debit card information?
0	I did not receive my order but tracking says it delivered	I order something and I did not receive an email
1	I need my refund	Do I need do anything to make a refund?
0	how do I submit an appeal?	I tried to open dispute for an order cannot submit
0	Please, I could not checkout	could you answer me in English please?
1	Yes, but she does not respond so quickly, you can not watch help me please please	Could you help me please
0	why the price of product did not change	Why is the price adjusted?
0	Not yet shipped	package is shipped to wrong address
0	how can i add my product for sale	How can I add my home number in my registration?
0	OMG I keep losing the conversation wtf?	I have tried to pay for this order with a business card and keep getting declined
1	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	If the product I received is not the right one, can I return it free of charge?
1	i need to talk to human being please	can I talk with a human?
1	i want to contact the customer management team	How do I contact dispute team?
0	shipping back fee	How can I combine the shipping fee if I order several items from one seller?
0	how to use select coupons	How to select good supplier?
0	##I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them	I want to contact seller.
0	but I would like to know if it's possible for me to get samples or pay for samples of some of the products before I buy large quantities	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	I not satisfied with the dispute	Can I return a product if I am not satisfied?
0	To click where?	not get Store Coupon after click on store page
0	Can I ask for help? My credit card expired, how can I enter a new card into my account and pay for it? I would like to order new goods and it is not possible. Thank you very much	How can I pay my credit card for the goods?
1	what is your phone number	What is your number
0	want to delete your profile?	I want to delete search record
1	could you track the status of order	can you tell me how i can check the order status?
0	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	Why I cannot purchase using my credit card?
0	How do I use my email address in new account	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	I have been waiting for disputes to end. At the same time the seller says I have not paid the money.	How do I pay for multiple seller items at same time?
0	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	my goods are being shipped somewhere else
0	I HAVE A PURCHASE ON YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE REGISTERING, AT THIS TIME THE ORDER IS BUGGED IN THE CUSTOMS AND DHL NEEDS THE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER.	The mobile number on the order is wrong and needs be changed
1	how do I reset password	I do not have a password
0	how to respond dispute	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier does not respond, how to proceed?
0	Hello, I have tried several times to pay and every time I fill the card information and click pay the website tells me there has been and error. I have tried around five times now and it just says that there may be something wrong with the information but	I have placed same order four times
0	hi there, please can you tell me when my orders will be delivered?	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	How to add video to the dispute?	how to add to my favorite
0	seller have other behavior	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
0	how to send image using app	How do I pay using PayPal?
0	this is my order ID	I want cancel my ID
1	how can i trust seller	Is this company that you can trust
0	I am trying to submit a return and the submit button is not working!	I submit cancellation of order request, but my seller has denied it.
0	Hello. I was in touch with a customer service rep on the 10th of May and I still have not heard back	hello I have a problem with a store
0	i email the seller already	i already opened a dispute
0	i just want to log in but where is my password	I want to reset my password have not got the email
1	Hello, I wish to know the status of my dispute	I want to check the status of my dispute
0	how to delete item in shopping cart	How do I add to the shopping cart?
0	Where can you send me the address	Can you send me a photo of you?
0	What are talking about?	What about the insurance?
1	can i buy from Iran	can you send to my country if i buy from you
0	how to advance search	How to clear my search history?
0	this link is empty	That's my order link
0	when my pay will cancelled	When will i receive my refund after order is cancelled?
0	Hello, I wish to know the status of my dispute	My order status is in dispute escalated. What can I do?
1	Hi How are you. I have a question as I am a new customer	I have question for you
0	my payment was failed	Why I failed to pay with my credit card?
1	How to change shipping address	How can I change my shipping address?
0	$$32.80 was taken from my account	Why is my email account taken by someone?
1	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	When I placed my order the card kept getting rejected
1	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	give me someone to speak to
0	The seller doesn't respond to me. What should I do?	what should i do?
0	why not received a reward from lucky forest	How can I delete the products I have received from the list?
0	what a fuck is that what are you doing there	I wanna fuck you
0	i am not satisfied with dispute result	Where can I see the dispute result?
1	i do not agree with dispute result	I do not agree with the dispute solution.
0	cannot leave feedback	When can I leave feedback?
1	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	how I can contact with you	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	payment not processed	How do I know that the refund is being processed?
1	seller has not ship out my order	The seller refuse to ship my order
0	you don't understand me	Why you don't have holidays?
0	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find my presale orders?
0	but more then 20 days is happen still payment not get	Column reminder dramatically reduce the number of days from 35 days to 5 days. Why did it happen?
0	I have received products I didn't order. I did order from another company which do not seem to be connected to you	I have been charged for something I did not order.
1	Why the money is not returning	Why I do not return the money?
1	are a live person	is there a way i can speak to a live person via phone??
0	How to response the proposal in my dispute case	Case NO dispute
1	What is Domestic Returns	What is Domestic Delivery?
0	the order just never gets processed	I just placed an order
0	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	i have problem with order
1	Dispute finished. Seller agreed to refund but refund not received.	My refund is not received after the dispute is resolved
0	my price forward	What is Price Cut Notifications?
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	could you answer me in English please?
0	I do not want partial refund, I want full refund	How do I request partial refund
0	de fault address	my package has been to a wrong shipping address due to supplier's fault?
1	So how can I chat with human	How do i chat with an agent
0	difference of small packet an registered airmail	I have registered on the site
0	Waiting for my appeal to be verified.	If my order is not verified will I get my money back?
0	add credit card information	credit card fraud
1	Is there a real person who can help me?	can i chat with a real person
0	How can I add paypal	How many shipping addresses can I add?
1	as a human	i need a human
0	what is a buyer protection?	buyer protection commission
1	how to change delivery address	Please tell me how to change the delivery address
0	Where can you send me the address	you send me first letter but there is no verification link
0	I brought something and they done have it, so I need my refund	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	What happens if I don't get my refund	I want to cancel my order and get refund.
0	hello. how i can ask the seller for the bill for my company	Can seller change shipping company?
0	hello my mastercard isn't accepted although i have 3d secure...	hello I have a problem with a store
0	Cancelled Orders Finished means	Why my dispute was finished?
0	no link here	Why there is no verification link in the email?
1	Subject: random product link/button Hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a ran	I have question for you
0	There is a problem with the system	The system will not let me pay
0	I have new email	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	seller not response my refund status	unable to get response from seller
1	how to get coupon?	How do I get coupon?
0	its telling your account is suspended	Sorry, your account does not allow you to purchase international products online
0	Will be able to assist me?	Can you tell me the reason why I am not able to shop by Visa card?
1	I can't seem to edit the name that is associated with my account. Im not sure how it defaulted to a different name other than mine but i cant seem to find how to change it	How can I change my profile name?
0	refund is stuck at processing	Is it necessary to extend processing time?
0	My account iz broken	is my account free
0	This is over 30 days I guess. Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	How can I leave a feedback?
0	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	I do not know how to check out
0	I want to group suppliers by country	I am looking for suppliers
0	When did I cancel the canceled payment of the account?	When the order will be canceled?
0	you hopeless piece of shit	Are you there?
0	click here ,where?	Will you always be here?
1	I need a real person, please	i want to talk to a real person
0	How to change shipping address	How can I change the address on my order?
0	i need a part	do I need?
1	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier has rejected by refund request
0	I cancel order and status refund ist not change	I want to cancel my order and get refund.
0	You people are not treating me right	How can I check if you have my right address for delivery?
0	dear i want not buy. its for place a order and the seller can change the price	The seller discount the price, when I place order i see the old price.
0	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	need some human to solve my problem
0	Sales email address	forget register email address
0	need to log into my account	I cannot log in my account, there is no field to write my email and password
0	search for product	Can I search for a product by ID number?
0	how to feedback	How do I cancel feedback?
0	how to delete item in shopping cart	Why I cannot add item to Shopping Cart?
1	link open a dispute	I want to open dispute
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	stop sending me emails. i want to unsubscribe
0	how to open a dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	how to check buyer protection	How do I pay securely without Buyer Protection?
0	How do I check if a seller reliable?	How do I check the order status?
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	How can I delete TradeManager from my desktop?
1	when my pay cancelled	When i will receive the money of the items cancelled?
0	I have not receive my money yet	I cannot receive money on my debit card
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	Why my order is disappeared?
1	How to return back the item	I need to return an item
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	my supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	how to place the order but do not pay for it	How do I pay for an order integrated?
0	I can't find the iDeal icon in my payment options	I can not find western union in payment method
1	It is possible?	the change feedback is not possible
0	i need developer account	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	shipping in Iran	I want to change my shipping to a free shipping
0	I filled out the form for appeal but I can not send it	I can not check out
1	Hello, Eva. I wanna cancel fund processing in my orders.	How do I cancel Fund Processing status?
1	do you speak spanish?	do you speak
0	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	My order is Your Payment is Being Verified""
1	I'd like to cancel my order.	I need cancel my order
0	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	I want to ask you about this seller
0	Application Programming Interface	I cannot find the cancel button on the interface
0	It's being only today I have received it	does being a member mean I have to pay money
0	you can't help me you are a computer	will you help me or what?
0	ok please contact me with other people	Can I see wish list of other people?
0	are u men or woman?	are u there?
0	Hello! I have a question about a delivery.	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
1	hello some can help me	can you help me?
0	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	When I have specify the size of a product?
0	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	Why I cannot find my escalated dispute?
1	Hi. I want to send mail to sales manager. I need the email address.	i need your email address
0	can I sell?	Can I visit you
0	western union need copy of official reciepe before i pay my items can you please send me the copy	How do I get a copy of my payment?
0	i'm having a problem with appeal	I am having a problem correcting my shipping address
0	I have not received my order..?	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	still haven't received my refund	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
0	possible to talk to customer service	Is it possible to change feedback?
0	talked to you yesterday about my account	What about transfer fund to another account?
1	cash on delivery is available	Can i get my product on cash on delivery?
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my escalated dispute?	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
0	How do I exchange coins for coupon	How can I do an exchange?
1	I prefer en Spanish	I do not speak English only Spanish
1	how do i delete my orders under my account	how do i delete my orders that got closed
0	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	What a hot day!
0	how to change phone number	How to have a phone number please?
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	I closed the dispute because seller promised return my money, if I didin't get order 15 days, time was out, and now he didin't return my money	The seller told me to cancel the order to return the money. What can I do?
0	I'm from Pakistan and want to re sell your products	The taxes we pay are too high for importing products from your site
1	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	put me through to live chat please
0	I opened an order and the product ran out	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
0	Ok thank you the last question are you Spanish women	thank you bye
0	watch for me please	Please connect me to customer service
0	Where can you click?	Where can I specify the size?
0	I don't want to lie about my reason, the item is damaged.	I don't know.
0	how can I repot a fraud seller	How can I get connect with the seller?
0	can i ask my goods	Can I replace my goods?
0	but when i am not in my account, i mean when i view as guest, i can view the info page	I want to view complaint center
0	I have registered with an incorrect email address	I just registered but did not get 5USD gift
0	i have forgot my password	I forgot to put my name on shipping address
0	wrong email address	my ordered was delivered to the wrong address
1	Need a refund	I need help with a refund
0	I can not find Manage Feedback in the app	How can I find the feedback I have left?
0	remove my card details	I want details of my refund
0	I mean did you take tbc here	are you here now
0	I do not want to cancel my order	How do I cancel my order?
1	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	my package has been to a wrong shipping address due to supplier's fault?
0	38 here in Brazil corresponds what number there?	the number of my foot in Brazil is 38, what number I will pant in EUS
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	can we go for a date?
0	i did not receive the products	I just placed an order but did not receive a confirmation
0	estimated delivery time.	What is on-time delivery?
0	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	I need to pay in several parts
1	How can i get an order receipt or invoice?	How can I get an invoice?
0	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	I am curious about you.
0	How to get reward points	What is Available Points?
1	how to check refund	How to check if I have refund or not?
1	hello can you help me please have you time	can you help me?
0	my card has been used by someone	Why payment has been taken twice from my credit card?
0	how to contact your seller	seller contact number
1	Hi there can you please help me with a problem about a jacket I bought it's one size small it doesn't fit how can I send it back and get one bigger size	how can i return the product and get a bigger size
1	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	supplier does not accept my refund request
0	I want to appeal your judgment.	i want the number for your company
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	Can i use a debit card
1	how to get coupon?	How can I get the coupon?
0	how to add additional feedback	how to add to my favorite
0	Is it true that I have to cancel the dispute before they can process a refund?	I have not received the refund but I won the dispute
0	why to put card details again?	why was my live chat put on time out
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	Where do i find my purchase history?
0	possible to talk to customer service	Is it possible to order the goods to Russia?
1	do u have a phone number	do you all have an phone number
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	When am I going to receive my orders?
1	how to verify account	How to verify account?
0	now haven't received payment returned	i returned the product and have not received the replacement or refund
1	how do I delete feedback?	I want to delete negative feedback.
0	I think the seller is not issuing my money	I have changed my VISA card and the seller would like to refund my money
0	How to reset your password	How can I be your member?
0	This doesnt work.	Why does not TradeManager work?
0	I have been waiting for disputes to end. At the same time the seller says I have not paid the money.	I have paid seller offline
0	when my pay cancelled	When will I receive my refund for cancelled order?
0	I don't want to lie about my reason, the item is damaged.	I want to search for a item
0	regarding my order	regarding order processing
0	how to use bank transfer?	How do I get a refund if I paid via Bank Transfer?
1	Hi, i need support please	I need to speak to someone please
0	i need to find my payment information	I have not find any tracking information
1	please look on my question here before	please read my question
0	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	I get an email that a new mail has arrived
0	my orders are doubled how do I start over	How do I combine orders?
0	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	Do i have to pay for using buyer protection service?
1	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	I am trying to place an order, but when I click Buy Now button nothing happen
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	seller reject my refund request.
1	how to reach the payment service team?	I coudn't reach your service team
0	Why am I expected to pay return shipping costs if it has been determined that the seller sent me the wrong items?	Seller has sent goods to me. How do I track shipment?
1	can i talk to a live person?	i want to talk to a person
0	I have problem viewing the site	I have registered on the site
0	did you even give a answer	how many questions did you answer today?
0	I want to know about my refund	I want to know about money back amount
0	The deadline to open a dispute has already ended, how do I?	How do I open an dispute?
0	how many item I will received	I received item with very bad condition
0	i wrote u upper!	I wrote wrong recipient name
0	The chat button is not working	The dispute button is not working.
0	I want to know If i can to speak with the seller before buy a product.	I want to know is anybody who can speak in
0	I'm from Pakistan and want to re sell your products	Can I resell your products?
1	so please you can help me	Please ， help me Urgently
1	how to check order number	How to find my order number?
1	order long time?	if I buy some goods, how long is the shipping time?
0	wear do i click	Do you wear clothes?
0	Why the money is not returning	Why is it closed but money went through?
0	How can I refund my money back?	How can I get my refund if my order is closed for Canceled Order?
1	i can not sign in	Why I fail to sign in?
1	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	According tracking information, my order delivered in USA but I am in Philippines.
0	Why rewards points are going down?	I do not have my points
0	Can I pay to an account? maybe they can give it to me	do you marry me?
0	Need my order traced. Your website is very difficult to navigate. It just says "order finished"	i just place an order
0	talk to me eva	Ask a real person to talk to me!
0	i am not satisfied with the dispute	I am trying to request a refund from seller but states dispute is finished
0	can i buy from Iran	Is the seller ok to buy from?
0	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	I paid all my orders but sellers told me that I did not paid.
0	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	I need to speak to someone please
0	I don't see what to clock	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	feedback is not showing	My transfer went to you, but you are still showing no payment
0	i am unable to join	I am unable to purchase goods
0	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	Please tell me what my dispute status is.
1	I had not receive my merchandise	I did not receive my order
0	I am a victim of a scam	I am sleepy.
1	I would be happy to talk to a person	I need to talk to a person
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	I want to know how to find the product
0	hi i still haven't received any of my orders	Are there any discounts on large orders?
0	how do I cancel dispute?	How do I cancel feedback?
0	sir i have rupay debit card but not accept	i have debit card
1	to find my order number etc.	How to find the order number?
0	and I need to cancel the dispute	I need to cancel order but the seller refuse to cancel.
0	Can you talked to me	Can you follow me?
0	how to add passport information	How to add product to Wish List
1	my name is Bill	my name is
0	I forgot the login account id and password, what should I do?	I cannot login to the account
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	are you a human person or a machine?
0	So, could you help me?	Could you help me to open a dispute?
0	and there have not called me	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
0	I would like it as soon as possible	I would like to contact a human
1	how to contact seller	How do I contact the vendor?
0	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	How can I pay all my orders?
1	cannot leave feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback for my order?
0	my What is price	What do I do if the seller wants to raise the price?
0	I spoke with you yesterday	I want to call you
0	i give them time to do something	If I ordered 4 items and received 2 of them, do I click confirm order?
0	I want e-mail	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	I made a purchase
0	Contact your reseller in his name Yvone Lee	How can I change my contact name?
1	order not received seller not answer	I have not received the order. The seller does not answer questions.
0	i need help to login	i need help
0	The shipment did not arrive	Will order arrive at my address?
0	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	Why can't I buy products with my account?
0	why seller extend the delivery period	How long is the complaint period?
0	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	can you tell me something about the status of my orders
0	i want to know my refund payment status	I want to know about Bank Transfer refund
0	i just want my fucking password	I just want to place the order for one item instantly
1	how to exchange coins to coupon?	How to change my coins for coupon?
0	Hi, I have a problem with my payment.	I have a problem in amending my feedback.
1	Hi, I am having trouble with my payment	I am having a problem with payment
0	how to use select coupons	Why can't I use my select coupon?
0	So are you not able to help?	are you able to process visa
0	email us button	What size is 7 in us?
0	i need to speak with someone	I need to return product and need a return address
0	i do it but not working	I cannot add it to cart. It is not working.
0	How to ship back the item	How can I search item by item number?
0	No please listen.....I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please h	Can I get a part refund as seller has reduced the price to me
1	How can I confirm delivery once I have received my order	How can I confirm the delivery?
0	did you even give a answer	the company did not give me a refund even though I sent the product back.
0	how to check buyer protection	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
0	add credit card information	How to pay with credit card?
0	I placed an order as a guest but do not have confirmation	i have placed an order
1	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	I cannot add things to wish list
0	I mean did you take tbc here	Why are you here?
0	my order was 120 plus total	When will my order be unfrozen?
0	I am trying to pay for my order. Can I pay with iDeal?	I am trying to place an order
1	Do you speak italian?	do you speak english?
0	i did all of it	i did not receive the order
0	are we corresponding	Can we be friends?
0	how to send image	How to send email
0	Hello. Please, how do I get in touch in Portuguese chat?	How can I get in touch with the seller before buying?
0	how can I check order number?	How can I find my tracking number?
0	how to add item to your wish list	How long can item stay in wish list?
0	I canceled my order without giving cargo but could you help my param still not getting into the account?	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	i have an issue.
0	i make the payment but no shipment yet	How can I make payment with my coupons
0	i order a coat for the past winter and from jan. the buyer doesnt understand that its too small on me and doesnt want to give me a refund with a lot of stupid causes help me please	can u please help me?
0	l placed an order from spain to spain	l am very disappointed with my order
0	please i need to file for an appeal	I need to file a complaint against a seller.
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	Why my order was closed for security reason?
0	Good afternoon, please, I forgot my access password and I do not know the email and I made a purchase, how do I do it?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I cannot see order in my car	I cannot see QIWI
1	how to confirm delivery	How can I confirm the order?
1	how to retrieve password	I do not have a password
0	i order some item last week	I placed an order for some items with a total of 135$.
0	Visa credit card	Why Visa card is not working?
0	Where to find a postal identifier	Where can I find the commercial invoice?
0	how to remove ideal payment detail	how to remove old orders on my page?
0	i cant log in. i created my purchase with the wrong email address.	I paid for my items and the shipping address is wrong
0	It was not bank transfer	Why there is no Bank transfer option
0	what will happen when I open dispute	When can I open dispute?
0	After 15 days, no dispute has been opened	Why my payment needs verification after it has been accepted?
1	I closed the dispute because seller promised return my money, if I didin't get order 15 days, time was out, and now he didin't return my money	Why I do not return the money?
0	did not receive my order and the seller is not responding back	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
0	click here ,where?	accidentally click sellers solution
0	I had a dispute	Why I had an order canceled?
1	I finished dispute	Why my dispute was finished?
0	I need to do an urgent quick shop	How do I change the default quick pay?
0	I can not make a dispute	Can you make a decision for my dispute?
0	shipping courier to Germany?	The product is free shipping but the seller requires shipping cost
1	Why are the answers automatically? I do not want to talk to the vendor.	Why do you always give the same answers?
0	how to find seller rating	How do I change my rating?
0	Make a purchase and ask for my documents for the appeal	How do I make an installment purchase?
0	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	you won't answer my question
1	i cant log in. i created my purchase with the wrong email address.	My email address is wrong and I need change it.
0	dont want to received email from message center	please fix your message center
0	Can not pay in cash?	I want cash on delivery.
1	Okay thank you help I appreciate that have a nice day thanks	Thank you for your help.
0	why cant i pay?	Why can't I pay in cash?
0	I can not make an order	I cannot make the payment for my order
1	i want to know when i will get money back. I got an email stating that seller agrees to refund	Can I get my money back when the order is cancelled?
1	hi good night	hello good night
0	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	I never received my order
0	What is reward points	I did not get points, what can I do?
0	please do accept tbc	Do you accept moneybookers?
0	how do i delete my account	How do I protect my account?
0	hi, nice to meet you	you are so nice
1	I want a human!	i need to speak with a human
0	i received only one shows in my order	The minimum order is one lot, but I only need one piece
0	how to remove debit card from account	How do I remove items from Shopping Cart?
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	How can i add user in my chat
0	but need to log in to check	you are not authorized to log into this account
0	All my orders has this note, and it seems like its not sending..	How can I pay all my orders?
0	I have forgotten my password &amp; when I try &amp; reset my password from the email it is not connecting or when I copy &amp; paste web site to brower, its not showing the site, I just want a new password so i can check my account, but nothing is working	When I click sign in, I do not have field to put my email and password.
1	Can u please help me	Could you help me please
0	HOW TO REMOVE MY CARD	how can I remove some items from my order
0	i cannot see my order	I cannot see QIWI
0	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	I want to return item for a refund
0	what is happening	What is EMS?
0	I want to send you a photo for asking you if an item is available to any supplier of your site. Is it possible and how I can do that?	You send spam every day, I do not want any more of your emails
0	I want full refund of products	I have received the goods and I also received full refund.
0	After the dispute was opened the seller reassured me that it will arrive	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	I would like to know about an object that I bought and that I can not access the tracking by the code	I would like to know how can I pay for an item?
0	Several times I make this same complaint, I already went to the bank and there is no refund, the last time I was offered to check, but I have not had an answer	I already contacted you last time
0	what is rewards points	Why my rewarded points are not added?
0	how to save payment method	How can I save sellers?
1	Turkey is above 30 euros from property taxes to Drews can be a measure of how you will	I wonder if there is a limit to where you will not pay taxes?
0	how to advance search	How can I hide or delete search history?
0	My refund is not at the correct price. What should I do?	I cannot use my Visa card. What should I do?
1	my shipment still not dispatched	my order is still waiting to be shipped
0	Hi there, I'm trying to view a product I ordered but I don't have access	I don't know.
0	Has it shipped?	The supplier has shipped my order to a wrong address
0	i log in to webpage and i get this message :We have noticed an unusual activity in your account. This might be because you tried to sign in from another location or device. To protect your account we have temporarily locked it. To regain access, please pro	Your account is temporarily unavailable.
0	which country do you live?	which countries do you ship to
1	Where can I use my refund?	where can i check my refund has been transfer
1	Why is the shipment cancelled	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
1	Do you speak italian?	can you write in Italian?
1	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	I received an email telling my account has been deactivated. What happens?
0	NET PAYMENT CAN I MAKE	How can I make a payment for the frozen product?
0	I paid my order several times, because?	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
1	how do I get my order number	How to get my order number?
0	you're stupid	r u there
0	cancel awaiting for payment	I want to cancel order in Awaiting Delivery
0	What happen if I close a dispute	What will happen after I escalated dispute?
0	Hi i want to change my password. How can i do that?	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	Is that Phone free?	Free shipping to Russia?
0	save card information	Where is dispute information?
0	I have not received any attention from the seller	Why I have not received any update in my dispute?
0	is the dispute for redemption does not work	My product does not work
0	are you okay?	Are you pretty?
0	i did this all already and i was chatting with a member of your team and they said that it would be resolved by a day or so and it still has not been resolved	How can I be your member?
0	i cant track my orders	In my question cant get an answer.
1	how to retrieve deleted orders	How do I restore deleted orders?
1	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	I am dissatisfied with claim result.
0	I am trying to update my expiry date on credit card and it wont accept it	I am trying to answer a message, but the program will not accept text
0	i can't find it	i cant call you
0	this is robot?	I do not want to connect to a Robot
0	may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	What does a copy of bank statement means?
0	I have new email	can i have a two accounts with same email
0	my order status is closed wahy???	Why my order is closed for Refused Order?
1	Impossible to create account	can not create an account
0	i can't log in the forgotten password link doesn't work	I click open dispute button but it does not work
0	delete order history	How can I hide or delete search history?
1	So, could you help me?	Can you help me?
0	Where can I use my refund?	Where can I pick up my purchases?
0	payment not processed	I need know if my orders are processed?
0	how can I adjust the product at the time of delivery??	How can I confirm the delivery?
0	Please, the term of the purchase protection is over, can you return my money? Do I have to wait for the dispute? The error was in sending the site, the merchandise was not sent to Brazil. Thank you.	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	Your order cancellation request is pending the supplier's approval
0	Because before I was able to order hair by 3 pieces but now it's no longer possible	I want to order 3 things with one shipping charge.
0	I need to speak with some human support	i need some help
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	He has sent me really nasty emails
1	cash on delivery is available	Is your product available on cash on delivery?
0	sorry My credit card data	When will you verify my credit card?
0	I did not but anything	Do I need do anything to make a refund?
0	Ryley knows my problem	i have problem with my shipping problem
1	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	when you give my money after cancel order
0	please do accept tbc	Do you only accept dollars?
0	how to check refund	How do I check the order status?
0	l paid an extra for the delivery because i need it in the short term	how to delete my extra order
0	Please investigate my problem	Please cancel my order.
0	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	Do you have a phone number so i can place my order?
1	how do I cancel order	I would like to cancel my order. How can I do this?
0	question and answer	supplier does not answer
0	add a friend	I need a girl friend.
1	May I ask a question?	i wanna ask some question
0	I have tried three times and I am not getting any help	I have tried finding specific brand, but cannot find it, am I searching it wrong?
1	Need return address for two pair of tennis shoes or exchange for one size larger	I need a return address
0	how to add video to dispute?	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	hello my mastercard isn't accepted although i have 3d secure...	How can I confirm my transaction is secure?
1	It is possible?	Is it possible to get from your things to
0	I just want to know if my order has been sent	My seller has sent out the product. I want to cancel the order
0	How old are you	How are you?
0	how to upload picture to dispute	how to send a picture
0	Payment failed Reason: The service is currently unavailable. Suggestion: You may choose another card or payment method to continue your payment.	How can I change my payment to another card?
1	Do I need to pay custom duty	How much customs or import duty do I have to pay?
1	Can you talk to a human being?	may i talk with human?
0	so how to do it &gt;	Why do items take so long to ship to my country?
0	but he did not even answer me	Where is Jack Ma?
0	unable to find the address	I am unable to sign in
0	I need help to register my account.	Can I register an account for free?
1	Can I talk with a REAL person?	i want to talk to a real person
0	How do I add and manage products in Shopping Cart?	How many products I can add in Shopping Cart?
0	i need the last 4 digits	I got married and my last name is changed now
0	i just sent a post	The goods were sent back to China by the post
0	how to use store coupon	how to use coupon again
0	I want to buy a product with free delivery	I want cash on delivery.
0	What is an appeal?	What is Love"?"
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	i paid and my order is frozen
0	save for later	Service is unavailable, please retry again later
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	My supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	why can i search for sex products on app	How can I search item by item number?
0	hi there, please can you tell me when my orders will be delivered?	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
0	how I pay money for my product what I choose	How do I choose size or color?
0	now haven't received payment returned	Why the payment received is less than I paid?
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	How do I get photos without the store numbers on them?
0	card details edit	edit address on order
0	how to delete my card	how to delete my extra order
0	tried to pay for my order wouldnt go thru whats up?	my order can't go through
1	hi there, I need help	i need some help
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	What if the seller says he lost my order?
1	Track your refund progress	What is Dispute in Progress?
0	how to open a dispute?	How to cancel dispute?
0	Can you see where it is	where can i see message which i sent
0	I have not received my goods	I was told that I was sent an email but I do not know where it is
0	how can I know what type of seeds I have received. There is only a bag of seeds in the parcel. Nothing more. I have three bags now	what i have to do now
0	How do I apply the Warranty Service?	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
0	I have been waiting for disputes to end. At the same time the seller says I have not paid the money.	The seller do not have the product i paid
0	i don't go to my address email. help me	I don't know.
1	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	order was sent to wrong destination country
0	i receive the order after getting refund	I did not receive confirmation after my order
1	Contact Customer Service this option doesn't work	contact customer service
0	how to find deleted order	How to find the order number?
1	How do I use a coupon or discount	How can I use my discount coupon? What should I do?
1	how to contact customer service	I need contact the customer service
1	how can I check order number	How can I find my order number?
1	are you sure that you cain t help me??	you cant help me
1	i ordered a phone. its broken	The product is broken
0	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	I received my order after refund
1	a need a real person to talk to	an i talk to a real person
0	I not satisfied with the dispute	I accidentally cancelled the dispute
1	how to delete orders	how do i delete my orders that got closed
0	what a fuck is that what are you doing there	how are you doing!
0	i am not satisfied with the dispute	I am not satisfied with the goods
0	no.. i was trying to view new search	I want to view complaint center
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	My goods have been detained by the Customs, what can I do?
1	Can I chat a person? Robot eva is not getting it	I want to talk to a person but not a robot
0	how to paid order?	How can I cancel a paid order?
0	i wrote u upper!	I hate u
0	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	I just got an email saying my order was closed from no payment. but I paid
0	whar do you think l do and why do not spanish that are the ones that have to attend eh? l'm tryng	How do you think about this case?
0	Will be able to assist me?	i cannot seem to be able to order
1	connect live chat again	live chat closed why
0	i need my money back on my card today	When should I receive my money back?
0	I am trying to pay for my order. Can I pay with iDeal?	I keep trying to pay but it declines it
0	how to open dispute on completed order?	There is no option to open a dispute in this order.
1	how to contact s	How do I contact seller?
0	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	I want to track my package via tracking number
1	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	a refund if the seller has accepted the dispute
0	I have a projector that I bought and came with a defect I tried to open a dispute and the website suggested that I negotiate with the store, I tried to negotiate, the store promised to send another projector, I did my part I resent and I did not receive th	I did not get the discount as promised, what can I do?
0	manage my shopping cart	I am trying to add items to my Shopping Cart and it is not going in
0	what a fuck is that what are you doing there	what do you like?
0	The shipment ME requested did not come as it was replaced by another product	Does product come directly to my house or go to the post office?
0	Change Shipping address	my courier change the shipping address
0	Them i want to a people that speaking spanish please	can I talk with a people?
0	I need to know my order status	i need to know if i can receive my order in time
0	i don't paid because	I don't speak english
0	how do I do?	How do I track?
0	buyer protection time notification	How to extend my buyer protection time?
0	my order will be return?	When would you return my money? The order has not come.
0	the seller is a lier	Who is the seller?
1	how to remove card	I want to remove my card details
0	how to response in my dispute case	How to open case?
0	how to delete account	How to verify account?
0	I not satisfied with the dispute	I cannot open dispute
1	How to leave feedback on App?	How can I leave a feedback?
0	how to remove credit card?	how to remove my order?
0	I want to shipped order all at once	I want to know if my order was shipped?
0	I still not hear Anything about mij contact we have before	I still have not gotten the track number
1	how to pay via western union	How can I pay through western union?
0	Why u are not saying anything	are u there?
1	can I speak to a human being?	i need to speak with a human
0	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	I need to change the size
0	Hey. I have not received a refund yet of cash from the auction number	i returned the product and have not received the replacement or refund
0	seller has not ship out my order	Will I automatically get a refund if the seller does not ship my order?
1	alright. Moving goods within the EU does not have to pay taxes if the seller has already paid taxes.	do I have to pay any taxes to the Brazilian customs
0	My order was stuck, so I opened a dispute. I won and got the refund, but now the item randomly arrived and I want to give the money back to the seller. What can I do?	I opened dispute and they agreed on refunding my money
0	How can I put the store on the black list?	How do I add store to wish list?
1	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	I received My order but size is wrong
0	May 8 send a phone to return to the address indicated and still do not know anything and nobody contacts me.	may i know support email
1	order not received seller not answer	The items are not received but seller does not answer anymore.
0	sorry My credit card data	If I use my credit card, is it secure?
1	MONEY NOT RETURNED	I canceled the order, but the money I have not returned
0	I want to shipped all of my order	I want my goods to be shipped to my agent in China
0	shipping in Iran	Can I change my shipping to free shipping?
1	need to check my order	where can i check my order?
0	Question is listed above	I realized two payments but it is not listed as paid
0	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I cannot write the message in the message center
1	I cannot open a dispute	I cannot open dispute for order in Awaiting Delivery.
0	I want to shipped all of my order	I want to cancel all my orders.
0	changing the size of item	Can this item be ordered in a custom size?
0	I can pay when receiving goods	How can i pay for my goods using my coupons?
0	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	cannot find my account
1	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	Please refund the money
0	I cannot see western union option on mac checkout page	I cannot see QIWI
0	you didn't understand me	Are you kidding me?
0	I want the item, the vendor do not reply my messages	I want to search for a item
0	So i contact the seller i want my money back	My order is cancelled and I want my money back.
0	my order isn't being processed	How come my order is not being approved?
0	My credit data has to be updated. How should I do it? can you guide me to do that please	I do not have a credit card, how can I pay?
1	why my order was cancelled?	Why my order is cancelled?
0	I can not pay because "You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again."	Where can I find previous orders?
0	Where can I find feedback left about me?	I left feedback. What will happen?
0	How do i extend buyer protection	How do I become eligible for buyer protection?
0	my last commande i buy this	Is it possible to change my last name?
0	and you hate the eva	are u there?
1	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	how do i reactivate my account	How do I protect my account?
1	Is not there a human to attend to?	I need a human assistant
0	I haven't received some ring sizers i ordered.	i ordered product
1	how can i use american express	I want to know if I can make my payment with American Express
1	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	I received My order but size is wrong
0	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	i ordered some products and received a size smaller.
0	Why did my payment go through after canceling my order?	Why does my order keep getting closed after payment?
0	I do not know the problem	I do not know much English
0	The product has run out...	My seller has sent out the product. I want to cancel the order
1	what is fuck is that	What a fuck day!
0	Can you see if i had paid please? If so i need it tracked.	I need to speak to someone please
1	are you sure that you cain t help me??	you can not help me
0	how to delete messages in app	How to use coupon from mobile app?
1	still showing refund processing	I am still waiting for my refund
0	I want to buy a product with free delivery	I want to buy only one product
1	Do i get a shipping discount if it's a large order?	Discount on large order
1	i do not agree with dispute result	I am dissatisfied with claim result.
0	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	How can I pay without having a Visa or Mastercard?
0	Hello The reimbursement has been made but it still does not exist I buy but not accepted	We are being asked for payment when it has already been made
0	You're saying same things. The buyer protection has ended. I didn't receive my order.	The seller refused to receive payment by Buyer Protection
0	where is my items? I have not received my order yet	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
1	I need change may email because I don't localize my email and I need to buy	I need change the email of my account. What can I do?
0	the wedding gown i bought was too big for the bride, despite the fact that i put the size to follow	Where are the coupons I bought?
0	no shipment refund	shipment takes very long
0	how to remove credit card?	How do I receive a refund by credit card?
1	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	Do you have any email address?
0	all orders are from different sellers	I paid all my orders but sellers told me that I did not paid.
1	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	I paid 2 times for the same order. What can I do?
1	as a human	can I talk with a human?
0	The chat button is not working	is this chat online?
0	Yes but the seller does not respond	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
1	i want to speak to a real person	can I speak with a real person?
1	no paypal account? at visa card on	Can I use PayPal to pay as I do not have a credit card
0	My products from the above order did not arrive, how do I?	Will order arrive at my address?
0	save card details	I incorrectly accepted dispute details
1	cannot leave feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback?
0	I just read that you rejected my appeal!	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier has rejected by refund request
1	talk with human	i want to get human
0	add videos on dispute	how to add friends by TM
0	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	I have not received the refund but I won the dispute
0	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	My order has been closed. When will I get my refund?
0	Hi, can you help me?	do you marry me?
0	Then this must be joke, you must be kidding me,,,	do you marry me?
0	how to apply warranty	Apply for compensation (COINS)
0	hi, i got an email that my order has been cancelled, but i already paid for it	My email address has been stolen, what can I do?
0	I just read that you have rejected my appeal!	please read my question
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	I have placed order but they said transaction closed.
1	how to upload picture to dispute	I cannot upload a jpeg picture.
0	Please investigate my problem	My order not accept for 404 problem
0	HOW TO REMOVE MY CARD	remove my name in the transaction
1	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	do I have to pay any taxes to the Brazilian customs
0	How can I contact customer service	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	so answer me"!"/!/"	The seller is not answer me
0	I'll talk to you later then	Thank you I'll try.
0	can u trace for me right now	can I call u?
0	how to link my card?	How can I do if my card is stolen?
0	i still have not received my order	I have received my order, how to confirm?
1	cash on delivery is available	Can you pay in cash on delivery?
0	who can help me please?	who can tell me the status?
0	Can I ever report abuse of card usage?	I report scammers
0	reward points not added	I shared with friends but why not give points?
0	hi, how can I add photos?	How many products can I add to Wish List?
1	hello can someone help	can someone help me
1	EVA I WANT TO TALK TO HUMAN	i want to talk to someone
0	i need my money	i need to speak to someone right now regarding my money
0	How do I tell the clerk?	I want to tell other buyers about products that I bought. How can I do?
0	where i can ask? because i want to know how can i use that money... it is too low to return back to me	I want to know about money back amount
0	l understand my problem is costing me a lot of writing and does not give me an explanation	Will the supplier give me discount?
0	how to get the order number	How long to get an order that is placed today
0	urge seller to ship the ite,	What is the time limit for the seller to ship my order?
0	not want automatic answer	you never have an answer
0	ok the get lost	What if the package lost?
0	for customs taxes	It is stuck at customs
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	I would like to know why my order was canceled.
0	i'm live in india so how much time to i get product?	Why it takes so much time to solve dispute?
1	I have not receive my money yet	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
1	urge seller to ship the ite,	The seller refuses to ship my order after I paid for it. What can I do?
0	already received product	i already opened a dispute
0	how to leave feedback to the seller	I cannot leave feedback.
0	How do i extend buyer protection	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
0	what is the meaning of Cancelled Orders Finished	What is the meaning of SWIFT CODE?
0	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	I have received both parcel and refund.
0	How to get reward points	How to get a coupon back?
0	because the platform is blocked is days	The order was closed by the system because of the suspicion
0	delete credit card	where to upload credit card statement
0	how do i use select coupon	How do I use seller coupon?
0	the seller sent wrong color	order was sent to wrong destination country
0	No, you do not see it.	Why I do not see a way to pay QIWI?
0	hello. how i can ask the seller for the bill for my company	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	I paid my order several times, because?	I paid 2 times for the same order. What can I do?
1	how to deactivate my account?	How to delete my account?
1	what will happen when I open a dispute	What will happen after I open dispute?
0	the transaction is completed	I completed my payment
0	I have not received any attention from the seller	My order was cancelled but I have received things from this site.
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	Why u are not saying anything	I have not received anything
0	I want for the seller to adjust the price with no shipping but I need the order in hold for them to fixed	I need the price
0	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	I have ordered an item and I cannot pay it by bank transfer
1	yes i need help	yes i need your help
1	how do i set shipping address?	How do I set up shipping address?
0	why the price of product did not change	Why I cannot change the size of a product?
0	and its cost me in my health already	I have already paid for my order
0	how to reset account passwords	How can I register account?
0	Visa credit card	Visa debit card
1	i am unable to place my order	I am unable to purchase goods
1	i want to pay the amount with gift card	How do I use mastercard gift card?
1	I want to talk to a man.	i want to talk on the phone
0	i receive a email says i did not pay, but i have paid and i have the confirmation	Why I have not received my confirmation email?
0	i am trying to open a dispute but the picture attachment isn't loading	I am trying to open dispute but it is not going through.
1	verify the email	verify email address
0	Is not there a human to attend to?	are you a human person or a machine?
0	how to open a dispute	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	What can I do after submit complaint?
0	ok please contact me with other people	What are the other methods to contact sellers?
0	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	i ordered some products and received a size smaller.
0	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	If I cancel my order will I get a refund?
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I paid for items and they are not in the order list.
0	add additional feedback	add TradeManager contact
0	How is it possible for me to charge something I did not buy	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
1	My question is not there	please read my question
0	Are there other ways to pay	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
1	I ordered a necklace 52 days ago but But it still did not come to me	I paid for my order but did not come
0	I want the item, the vendor do not reply my messages	how do i get my refund i am not getting reply to my requests
0	I gave up buying a product but I want information that is not paid back	I want to return the product back
0	How do I check if a seller reliable?	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
0	how do I checked order number	How do I edit my phone number?
0	How to add video to the dispute?	How to add product to Wish List
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	I am trying to order a dress but it is not giving me a size to choose.
1	I cannot open a dispute	I cannot open a dispute. I need your help.
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	I paid with credit card. When will my payment get confirmed?
1	Hello, eva, is my payment still being processed?	My order is Your Payment is Being Verified""
1	HI I have been trying to pay for my stuff for weeks but it won't accept my card	I am trying to pay for an order and it keeps denying my payment
0	What I have to do for my seller to be able to adjust a price	I have not received my goods, what can I do
0	I want to shipped order all at once	I want to pay once only.
0	HI,I MAKE A ORDER AND I CAN'T TO PAY ,ALWAYS I HAVE THE SAME MASSAGE	I have placed same order four times
0	i cannot pay for my item	Why I cannot add item to Shopping Cart?
1	it is nice to meet you	nice to meet you
0	My dispute is over, and now it's over, and now?	My processing time is over and I want to extend.
1	and i have a problem with my order	I have problem with my order
0	payment not processed	error occurred when we processed the refund
0	the buyer is refusing to replace damage order	Is buyer protection free?
1	Why nobody can help?	you can not help me
0	you can not help me	Can you help me find the product on the site?
0	19/5000 I just canceled	I just ask a question
0	When will I get the parcel?	When do I get a refund?
0	How to see the warranty	How can I see my invoice?
0	You refused my dispute on a product, while I sent the requested photos to the seller. How to challenge this decision?	Can you make a decision for my dispute?
1	i did not receive my refund yet	Why did not I receive refund?
0	we do not need remove please we need person can understand me	We reached an agreement, please return my money
1	i need to open dispute	I need open a dispute
1	we talk about my order bearing	I wonder about my order
0	where is my items? I have not received my order yet	I have received my order, how to confirm?
1	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	Why the parcel is not traced for more than 20 days?
0	There is no button to click	Why nothing happens after I click some button?
0	how to add the reward points	How to add video as my evidence?
0	and i know you have a large market base in nigeria	How do I know if I will have to pay customs fees?
0	cannot leave feedback	Can not leave message to seller
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	Why is my order frozen?
0	how to add passport information	How to add video?
0	i give them time to do something	How do I undo extend processing time?
0	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	How do I check my order shipment?
0	Cancelled Orders what is meaning	what is the meaning of Arrival at inward office of exchange
0	the seller have other behavior	I have cancelled order due wrong behavior of supplier, please send money back
0	How are you today?	What do you wear today?
1	I want to talk to a man.	I want to talk to an employee
0	The deadline to open a dispute has already ended, how do I?	How do I extend the Order Received deadline?
0	I filled out the form for appeal but I can not send it	I wonder if my delivery address gotta be filled in English?
1	as a human	i want to get human
0	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to place the order from local store
0	how to place order without paying it?	will not accept debit how can I place order
0	card details edit	I want to know the product details
0	I gave up buying a product but I want information that is not paid back	Can I change the ratings I gave about a product?
0	I want love dispute open but i can't	I want to open dispute but i confirmed order received
0	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	How do I return money?
0	how do I confirm goods?	How do I track the goods?
0	what is the meaning of Cancelled Orders Finished	What is dispute finished?
0	How to edit on dispute	How can I edit my shipping address?
0	and then the item would disappear from my cart	Add items from wish list to shopping cart
1	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	Why my order have not been cancelled?
0	this is english...	Why there is error Message not in English?
0	dont want to received email from message center	Message center will not let me enter text
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons??	Why my order is closed for security reasons again?
0	how to open dispute	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	How do I delete feedback	How do I give feedback?
1	how to open a dispute'	How do I open dispute?
0	where to put my card number	Where can I put my address?
1	i want to speak to a real person	an i talk to a real person
0	I finished dispute	Why my dispute has not finished?
0	I can not find Manage Feedback in the app	I cannot manage to open dispute
0	after making the payment, the cart is empty, but the transaction did not complete	how do I lodge an order dispute after my order has been complete?
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	I want to find suppliers for products
0	no shipment refund	They want more money for shipment
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	what happened with my order
0	I have made many orders with other suppliers and they have all been very serious in their work	Please let me know your e mail address
0	how to use coupon	how to use coupon again
0	how to use reward points	How do I use the coins?
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	Can I add my shipping address?
0	No how to modify the mobile phone number?	How can I modify an order?
0	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	My order shows that I have not paid, but I can see the payment on my bank account
0	how do I remove my credit card details	I need to change my credit card details.
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
0	where d0 i get my 20%	I have not received my refund afte more than 20 working days
0	adding a credit card	How much is credit card commission?
0	I feel like I talk with a robot and I don't like this.	I would like to talk to someone before I buy
0	I think I just ordered twice? same thing by mistake	I was charged twice for the same order
1	I can't write English	I don't speak english
1	shipping in Iran	shipping to the uk
1	how to find a product?	I want to find the product
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	The goods received are not what I agreed upon
1	can you ck only order?	can you tell me how i can check the order status?
1	would prefer to call	i would like to call i have a question
0	How do I cancel my account	How do I change the email on my account?
0	And seller don't give my money back	When should I receive my money back?
0	shipment was cancelled	They want more money for shipment
1	hello, i have a problem with my shipping address. why doesn't it agree that?	I am having a problem correcting my shipping address
1	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	how many days for my shop arrive in my country?
0	problem with the bad seller	i feel bad
1	Why can't I place an order	Why I cannot place order?
0	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	how can I delete the received goods and goods pending payment from the order list
0	Hi I like to know if a seller needs me to send back, how does she refund me the delivery fees plus cost of the dress as I am using Singapore registered mail?	How can I know the cost of delivery?
0	If I order a shipping free product, do i need to pay for custom duty in my country??	I want to change my shipping to a free shipping
0	reset account password	Your account name or password is incorrect
1	I want to place an order but I cannot	Why I cannot place order?
0	hey. is this online chat?	hey what's up
1	im trying to use a coupon	Can I use the coupon?
0	I have problem tracking one of my order it over 15days now	i have a problem with the order
1	how to edit contact	How do I edit my name?
1	How do I get a refund?	How do I get a refund if the product did not arrive?
1	how to change card	How can I change my payment to another card?
0	how to advance search	How to narrow my search results?
0	I would like to get in touch with responsible for marketing in sweden...	How can I get in touch with the seller before buying?
0	no.. i was trying to view new search	Where can I view the complaint center?
0	I forgot my password and email	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	i dont get my order yet	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
1	i cant login my account	I cannot login to the account
0	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	Where can I check my old orders?
0	how no phone number i been on this service for over a hour	How do I edit my phone number?
0	how to re open a dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	its already an half of year	Boleto payment already done
0	I DON'T GET MY ORDER	will I get my money back if the order is cancelled
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	I have received my order, how to confirm?
1	How can I open a dispute	How do I open dispute?
0	please answer me	The seller do not answer me
1	Need you to confirm my credit card	I has sent you a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What will happen?
0	I just wrote my query	I wrote wrong recipient name
0	why delivery period extended	How long is the complaint period?
0	How do I exchange coins for coupon	I do not have my coins
1	how to contact s	How can I contact seller?
0	It's being only today I have received it	If I place an order today, can I have it tomorrow?
1	can i talk to a customer service team	i need a customer service
1	It is possible?	Is it possible to order the goods to Russia?
0	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	I have not received my orders so I escalated it and it is been forever.
1	how to report the seller.?	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	I don't have a tracking number. I am trying to place an order	I have not received the order and the tracking number given is wrong.
0	seller shipping address	I can not change the shipping address
0	when my cancelled	When will I receive money for cancelled order?
0	the seller just said that need to wait some days.	The seller said no stock and ask me to cancel it
0	how to claim coupon	How long does it takes to claim?
1	Where can I find feedback left about me?	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
1	how to edit account	How do I edit my phone number?
0	how to add items in cart	How many items I can add to Shopping Cart?
0	i bought something at store roy wang	Where are the coupons I bought?
0	i can't find it	i cant speak english
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore	I can no longer access my account
0	I'd like to cancel my order.	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
0	I need to speak with some human support	I need some information
1	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	My order status not changed
0	but i can't use it... i made an order before and i can't pay anything with it	I don't know how to use it.
0	How do i extend buyer protection	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	The wireless charger l received is faulty and doesn't charge	If the product I received is not the right one, can I return it free of charge?
0	They send me that	Can you send me a price list?
1	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	I tried to open dispute for an order cannot submit
0	how to fi	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	hello by mistake I have received my product, but I have not received it yet	do you have any e mail address
0	its telling your account is suspended	Where is your account number?
0	ORDER MESSAGE AND SELLER MESSAGE?	My message window will not let me type a question to a seller. why is that?
1	how to edit profile	How do I edit my profile?
0	i can't open the dispute because i have a message telling me that i have to wait for the seller to send the package but the seller told me to open the dispute because the package was stopped by customs	I have a big problem with customs because the package is seized counterfeit
0	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	I made a purchase but pressed the button product received by mistake.
0	My system goes straight to pay	How do I pay with my Maestro?
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	How to narrow my search results?
0	What I cannot get coupons when I exchange coins?	When will I get my order?
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	The seller has not yet sent the goods to me. I want a refund.
1	i can not sign in	I cannot sign in to my orders
0	how do I report the seller?	How do I report abuse to feedback?
0	and its cost me in my health already	I am unable to change my email address. It says it is already in use.
1	thanks for your help	Thanks for your feedback.
1	talk to someone	need to talk to someone from customer service
1	I do not know why my card is not working.	Why Visa card is not working?
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	what number can i call for customer service here in the US?
0	fast shipping method	How do I choose shipping method?
1	can anyone order from this site	Can anyone be a member?
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	I want to find the product
0	What is reward points	Why my rewarded points are not added?
1	bye bye bye Thanks	ok bye eva
0	Where to get a refund?	Will I get notification of refund?
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	Can I pay with a Visa card, if there is insufficient amount?
0	which country do you live?	Do you ship orders to my country?
1	do u have a phone number	how to have a phone number please
0	how do I cancel dispute	How do I cancel feedback?
0	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	i want to know now
0	but contacted with bank nothing hold from them	I paid for my order already, but no message from my bank
0	No, you do not see it.	I am not authorized to see account, what can I do?
0	How do I use Warranty Service?	how do i get to customer service
1	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	I want to return money. I can not wait so long.
0	could you help?	Could you find my parcel?
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	Have my payment been verified?
1	how to confirm delivery	How to confirm delivery?
1	How can I refund my money back?	How can I get a refund?
0	I could not pay for my order and I've already supplied an appeal and it was approved	I already registered. How do I pay for your order?
0	i sent a request but nothing came through	I tried to track the shipment number through EMS but nothing comes out
0	I need tracking info	I want my tracking number
0	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	You sent me an email canceling my payment because the seller was doubtful
0	exceeded number of purchase	Is there a number I can call to make my purchase
0	Hi, I need your help. I would like to open dispute, but the order is finished and it's more than 15 days since I confirmed the receipt so it's not possible to open dispute. Is it still possible to open dispute for the reason that the item is not wo	I need open a dispute
0	how to confirm order	I cannot confirm order received.
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	How can you don't know?
0	I cannot sign in?	I cannot sign in on Facebook page.
0	credit card details	credit card fraud
0	Bank Konto BLZ	Why there is no Bank transfer option
0	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	how can I see my messages that is submitted
0	how to change delivery address	How to confirm delivery?
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	Can I still use the coupons after paying?
0	I can not make an appeal	Is there a number I can call to make my purchase
1	When do help is coming	do u help anyone?
0	Hey Seller I talked with my bank, about the cancelling order I made by an mistake, they told me that you guys have to write an email to them with the details about the order and the amount so that the can free the money earlier so I can make a new order fa	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
1	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	Is there a number I can call to speak to someone live?
0	card details edit	How can I find the details for my order?
0	DO U SPEAK FRENCH PLEASE	are u there?
1	how to leave feedback to the seller	How do I leave feedback for the seller?
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	do you accept debit cards
0	I DON'T GET MY ORDER	I don't know.
0	upload video evidence.	I cannot upload the attachment
0	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	I did not receive confirmation after my order
0	Hello, Is there a location where I can find the invoices of my purchases?	How can I give stars to my purchases?
0	should i take the package by myself?	I do not know what size i should take
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
0	did not receive my order and the seller is not responding back	The products that I buy are suspect. But I did not received my money back.
0	save for later	Reason: An unknown error has occurred. Solution: Please try again later.
1	the seller is a lier	The seller was not honest
0	How to reset your password	How can I reset my security question?
0	I am constantly trying to contact the seller and he did not respond I need a product invoice to send to customs	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
0	its already an half of year	I want to put half on one and half on the other
0	I want the money as soon as I will not try again or buy anything from you	Thank you I'll try.
0	why I cannot use coupon	Why I cannot use Select Coupon?
0	i email the seller already	What if I already paid?
0	Because before I was able to order hair by 3 pieces but now it's no longer possible	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
0	Hello, I just made an order but I was wrong in the delivery address, how can I change it?	How can I cancel an order I just made?
0	Can can send my email	I can not send the messages
1	I don't need automatic answers.	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	i am not able see dispute history	I am not able to buy anything
0	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	Why there is no confirmation email about payment?
0	i have done done all tracking	i have done that
0	how do I submit an appeal?	What if I do not want to submit my statements for verification?
0	i do all -and cant	Do all purchases come together?
1	do you speak portuguese?	Do you speak english
1	r u there???	r u there
0	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	Your suppliers have used my brand name without my consensus. Where do i need to report this case?
0	Its the 5 time I contact my order is not coming	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	I got married and my last name is changed now
1	hmmmmm okay thanks	Thanks in advance!
0	how to become seller	How do I find a seller?
1	l placed an order from spain to spain	I placed an order
1	I want a human!	i need a real human
1	do u have a phone number	does escrow have phone number
1	I tried to pay for my order and the system went down, Now it is giving me an error when I try to pay and it shows system down	Due to a system error, I cannot pay orders
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	I fail to pay my order
0	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	Can you change the language on my screen to English?
0	BUT THE ARTICLE IS ALREADY IN PORTUGAL	It says this email already exists
0	The seller is not refunding me	the seller cheated me
0	i need store http joi li	How can I add store to My Favorite Store?
0	when I pay for an order I cannot save my card details as I've forgotten my password or pass number	I cannot find my order details.
1	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	How do I know if I have to pay import taxes or other taxes
0	l do not want more money l want my shipment and fast for that l pay an extra the time l need to understand?	They want more money for shipment
1	my order is cancelled	Why my order was cancelled by email?
1	i need to connect representative online	I need speak to representative
0	After 15 days, no dispute has been opened	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
1	how to open dispute for completed orders	How to open dispute for completed order
1	i want to contact the customer management team	I need to contact case management team
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	Why you don't have holidays?
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	I need an invoice for the order I paid for
0	I can not take your tablet. I need to bill the tablet.	I wanna take your membership
0	how to subscribed	how to check dispute reason
0	why seller extend the delivery period	the seller sent the goods to another delivery service.
0	i need helper	do I need?
0	I have already open a dispute but they refuse it	I need open a dispute
0	recently due to this email is not received i was not able to contact the seller in time to increase the protection time	I have a dispute but the seller response time has ended
0	hello, i click in product received	i order product i never received
0	i need shipping company	I need the email address for this company
0	I'm having trouble canceling my account.	I am having trouble authorization to access my account
1	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	Why I cannot add items to my wish list?
0	seller has not ship out my order	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
1	how to cancel escalated dispute	how to withdraw escalated dispute?
0	I haven't received some ring sizers i ordered.	i ordered a product
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	Why I cannot add products in my Shopping Cart anymore?
1	Can I chat a person? Robot eva is not getting it	how do I chat with a live person
0	awaiting for payment	Why is my payment awaiting verification?
0	What is coupon	Why no coupon
0	It was not bank transfer	there is no bank transfer in payment option
0	this is my order ID	What is my member ID?
0	My dispute is over, and now it's over, and now?	My order is not verified and now it is cancelled.
1	how to exchange coins	How do I use the coins?
0	I have not received the shipment	I have received nothing.
0	I bought a product and I did not receive.	I just bought a product and need it to be sent to a different address
0	What to do	OK WHAT I HAVE TO DO
0	i talk with saller and he say me for whait this 69 days for he resolved my question	I have made orders, which have Free EMS shipping from one supplier (seller). But He sent my parcel in one box airmail.
0	I guess you're a robot	I do not want to connect to a Robot
0	how to pay china daily order	How to pay for presale order
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	when can i get the answer of my question
1	How to choose shipping method	Can I choose shipping company?
0	Please, I could not checkout	i have a coupon but checkout wont apply.
0	how to reset account passwords	Why can not I reset password?
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	How can I do if there is too many results?
0	regarding my order	i would like to ask regarding the buyer protection
1	how to cancel your account	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
0	i did not receive my refund yet	I did not receive my order
1	please translate into portuguese	i need to speak portuguese
0	i have activated my secure card 3d	How do I know this is secure?
0	After 15 days, no dispute has been opened	Why order status has not been changed after payment by QIWI?
0	OMG I keep losing the conversation wtf?	why I cannot keep track of your order by tracking number?
0	please trace and i wanted a refund	i wanted to know the order status
1	hi how u	hey how r u?
1	how to reach the payment service team?	How do I contact Case Management team?
0	how do I remove my credit card details	How do I pay with my credit card?
1	hello I'm Portuguese	i need to speak portuguese
0	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	Can I leave a private feedback?
0	It turns out that I received the order but it was in poor condition. It's deteriorated. Sorry for my writing, but I do not know English and I'm using a translator.	i'm not speaking english
0	i do not agree with dispute result	How do I modify dispute?
0	This chat REALLY SUCKS.	is this chat online?
1	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	I need speak to a human
0	david howell hi i need a phone number or a human i cant never log on please help	I need a phone number to order
0	do you have a solution for that	Do you have feelings?
0	I have 7 orders which I have not received. They have all passed their open dispute dates	I have not received the refund after dispute closed.
0	I need tracking info	I need tracking number for my order
0	No please listen.....I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please h	How do I pay for multiple seller items at same time?
0	i have not recieved my money	How do I have my money back of the order?
1	hello some can help me	can u please help me?
1	talk with human	i need a real human
0	i have contacted the seller several times and even this morning and they are not helping me out	I cannot figure out which seller is better
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore?	can I send you e-mail?
0	I cannot pay with my Mastercard.	How can I pay without having a Visa or Mastercard?
0	i submit my appeal and nothing happens	I click a button, but nothing happens. Why?
0	how do i contact your seller	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
0	how can I adjust the product at the time of delivery??	Can i get my product on cash on delivery?
0	how can i just place preorder?	How can I place an order in specified size?
0	Hello, Eva. I wanna cancel fund processing in my orders.	My order is in Fund Processing
0	Hello I am havin this message when trying to buy something For system security reasons, we need to verify your identity. Please check your email within 24 hours for instructions regarding additional information to provide to us to complete the verification	My credit card was stolen and someone used it to buy something in your shop.
0	When I bought, on the online page there is written delivery 30-50 days!	order today, when is the delivery?
0	You do not understand anything I tell you.	please let me know
0	hi my payment failed	hi i need to tell u something about my order
0	how to find order	How to find a table of sizes
0	I wrote may a week ago a report on this site. Please check it	May I order a catalog?
0	i my order have been sent on may 3rd and it's still in transit. WHY?	I have been charged twice for my order
0	how to contact seller	how to contact customer service
0	Credit card confirmation	My credit card is overcharged
0	the order is under the wrong email	There is an order processing time under the delivery time options. What is that?
0	hello, how can I invite friends	I shared with friends but why not give points?
0	how to reject the proposal	How much is it?
0	I cannot find my save for later list	Why I cannot find China in the address list?
1	im trying to use a coupon	How can I use the coupon or coupon code?
0	I have speak with one of your colleagues and they told me that they will see	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
1	how to add video	How to add video as my evidence?
0	wrong email address	order sent to a wrong address
0	It is not working	your working hours
0	hello i cain t order	I don't know.
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	I am told my email address is incorrect
0	hi eva remember me	I do not remember the password
0	How to reset account password	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
0	i am a little afraid my order has gotten lost. it has been 20 days and has not left china?	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	how to block to block the seller	I cannot buy any product they block me
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	I did not find where to send the proof of payment.
1	hello i cain t order	my order can't go through
0	how to check buyer's protection	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	This is over 30 days I guess. Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
1	how to report the seller?	How do I report a seller?
1	The seller is not responding me	The seller does not respond to me
0	how do i delete my account	How do I sign out after use my account?
0	How to edit on dispute	How do I edit my profile?
0	how to paid order?	How do I cancel the order if I have already paid?
0	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	i pay my order but not processed yet
1	where to put my card number	I have changed my card number
0	I can't open dispute	When can I open dispute?
1	really need a human to talk to	i want to talk to a human online
0	What I cannot get coupons when I exchange coins?	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	you won't answer my question
1	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	How can I change other reason for cancel the order?
1	how do i get coupons and discounts	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	I am saying you only take us dollars?	i need to know if you take mastercard?
0	How to pay using ideal payment	How can I pay for my order using PayPal?
0	How do i upload photo in dispute?	i do not know how to upload pictures
1	Is there a real person who can help me?	can i get a real person to answer question?
1	i need to talk to human being please	i need a human
0	Can I ever report abuse of card usage?	How can I report the bad supplier?
0	Hello, how can I invite friend	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	How Do I change my password	How do I change my feedback on an item?
1	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	can i get a real person to answer question?
1	I want to complaint	How do I file a complaint?
1	how to reset my password	How to set my password?
0	can i speak with you in french?	can i speak to a person?
0	i cant track my orders	How do I track my order?
0	r u there???	how r u
0	Find the good seller?	The product is not good and cannot contact the seller
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	I am having trouble with one seller. What can I do?
0	how to open a dispute	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
0	My app coins were not added. What can I do	What can I do with the coins?
0	I ordered some tea bags in November, that haven't arrived.	i need some help
1	sorry but you do not help me	you can not help me
1	how to edit account	How do I edit my member profile?
0	i am unable to join	I am unable to change my email address. It says it is already in use.
0	seller is not not trying to refund or replace	I am trying to request a refund from seller but states dispute is finished
0	10 days are over	Will I be over charged?
0	order not received seller not answer	Seller does not answer
0	Why did my payment go through after canceling my order?	My payment did not go through
0	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	I have ordered an item and I cannot pay it by bank transfer
0	no i want to sell	I want to sell your products
0	Hey. My account is locked. I am an honest buyer, did not open disputes for no reason. I ask you to unlock the account.	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	My order was cancelled for security reason.
1	how to open a dispute for complete order	How can I open dispute if order complete?
1	i want to contact the customer management team	how do i contact service team
0	Hello, I cancelled my order. How long does it take to get my money back?	not received order how do i get my money back
0	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	How can I delete the products I have received from the list?
0	how to cancel your account	Where is your account number?
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	If I use my credit card, is it secure?
1	I need your help...	I need your help. I ordered an item
0	how many items I add in my wish list	I am not able to add to my wish list
0	I can't find the iDeal icon in my payment options	How can I find the details for my order?
0	I just sent an email to you to get my credit card verified	I paid with credit card. When will my payment get confirmed?
0	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	How would I pay for my payment with an debit card?
0	how to change details	How do I know product details?
0	where d0 i get my 20%	where can I get online technical support?
1	i can't log in the forgotten password link doesn't work	i tried to reset password but did not work
1	how to use coupon	How can I use the coupon or coupon code?
0	how to response in my dispute case	I open dispute but get no response. What happens?
0	I sent my documents	When can I receive my package after the product is sent out?
0	and its cost me in my health already	already entered in the help center but no option fits in my box
0	change the reason of dispute	How can I change other reason for cancel the order?
1	How can I change feedback	How can I change a feedback?
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	I want to put half on one and half on the other
1	someone used my account	My credit card was stolen and someone used it to buy something in your shop.
0	please i need to file for an appeal	How can I upload the file?
1	please answer me	give me proper answer about
1	i want to know why i cannot send message to the vendors	Why can't I type message?
0	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	thank you for your time
0	Unable to open an account	Unable to enter text message
0	I placed an order as a guest but do not have confirmation	What if I have not received the order and click on confirmation?
0	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	My account has been hacked
0	need to log into my account	How can I log out my account?
0	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	I am interested in information on the dispute.
0	hi who is there	Who is the seller?
0	You do not understand anything I tell you.	Please call me.
1	Can I talk with a REAL person?	can i talk to a real person?
0	the color number was L	What is the color of next season?
0	from where are your products coming?	is your company from china?
0	how to change to password?	How to change delivery options?
0	How do i add evidence	How do I add coupons to my order?
1	you didn't understand me	you can not help me
0	Seller change shipping method from China Post Registered Air Mail to China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus, without my permision so I can not international track package	How to track via China post
0	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	Can you lend me some money?
0	I would like to get in touch with responsible for marketing in sweden...	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	why feedback not display	Why the feedback button is not available?
0	i did not receive my refund	I did not receive my order
0	do you have a solution for that	Do you have sister?
0	i cant find the ideal icon?	i cant speak english
0	Hello. I am trying to use a discount code and it is not allowing me to input the code	I can not change the zip code
0	May I know if how will I be able to delete my account?	May I know support email?
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	Why you canceled my order?
0	I mean did you take tbc here	What do you mean I will charge fee?
0	I spoke with you yesterday	I wanna visit you
0	I can't make my payment via Mastercard, it keep showing me 'system error'. What should I do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	how to exchange coins	How can I exchange goods that I have received?
0	reset account password	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
0	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	I want to request refund
0	How to delete coupon?	How do I delete messages?
1	Hello, can you attend me in portuguese?	Do you speak portuguese?
0	yes, please be patient	yes i need your help
0	my What is price	What is FOB price?
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	the seller does not want to approve refund
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us dollars or our currency?	i need to know if you take mastercard?
0	where to find order number	I made an order from you. Where can I find my invoice?
1	where I can see my coupon page?	Where I can see my coupons?
1	how to delete item in shopping cart	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
0	Can you see where it is	Where can I see the dispute result?
1	how to contact customer service	send me a customer service email contact
0	i have not received my order.	I have not received a partial refund of my order
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	I want to return money. I can not wait so long.
0	Who is your boyfriend?	Who are your parents?
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	The vendor responded he received the package back and reimburse the buyer. when I will have refund
1	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	how do i send you an email
0	Hi there can you please help me with a problem about a jacket I bought it's one size small it doesn't fit how can I send it back and get one bigger size	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
1	I have problem product	I have a problem with this order
0	how to delete orders	How to delete cookies?
1	Hello! Is it posible to see what rewiews sellers have given about me? Where can I find the rewiews?	Where can I find my feedback from sellers?
1	how contact the seller	Is there any method to contact the seller?
0	the transaction is completed	i never confirm my order as received but my transaction is completed
1	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	Can I extend processing time?
1	I need to speak with some human support	i need a real human
0	How do I cancel my credit card details	How do I change credit card?
1	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us dollars or our currency?	I want to pay in other currency.
1	please can u give mave ur number to call	Is there a number I can call to speak to someone live?
0	i need you to open dispute	Do I need to return the package if I open a dispute?
0	Where to find a postal identifier	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
0	i have a problem with seller	I have orders cancelled for a suspicious seller
0	I tried that, it didn't work	I want to start work with dropship
0	When do help is coming	I do not know when the status Was suspicious order
0	I have urgency, Eva	Eva is useless
0	I ask you to return money or send new items with a tracking number!	I ask you a question
1	Good day to replace other payment card number	I saved my credit card but I need to replace it with a new one
0	My credit data has to be updated. How should I do it? can you guide me to do that please	Seller has sent goods to me. How do I track shipment?
0	no paypal account? at visa card on	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	Need you to confirm my credit card	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
0	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	Can I change the email?
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	can I pay with 2 different visa cards
0	and received the refund amount and dispute closed	My refund amount is less
0	I forgot my password I can not retrieve it and I can not connect because my mail already exists	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	how to set new shipping address	How do I set my shipping address?
0	Hello I need to reset my password before I can add a card	I need my product before Saturday
0	I would like it as soon as possible	i would like to ask a question
0	why coins not added	How do I use the coins?
0	Did you receive my order back yet?	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
1	I forgot my password I can not retrieve it and I can not connect because my mail already exists	How can I reset my password?
1	Can u please help me	can u please help me?
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	I want my refund to another credit card
0	Can I call Customer service	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	items in one package	I want to make one payment for your items.
0	my orders are doubled how do I start over	How do I start using TradeManager?
0	FEW MINTS I GIVE ORDER BUT I GIVE MONEY HAND TO HAND	Can you give me a discount if I place a large order
0	i have received it	I have not received the refund but I won the dispute
1	Can you talk to a human being?	i want to talk to a human online
0	Registration email is not working	Why did my account registration fail?
0	turn off promotions	I got ripped off
0	email us button	how to corresponds the US size to size in France
1	no, i can not order anything	I am not able to buy anything
0	i did this all already and i was chatting with a member of your team and they said that it would be resolved by a day or so and it still has not been resolved	I have opened case more than 3 months ago. Why if in has not resolved yet?
1	how to edit account	How do I edit my profile?
1	how do i change my profile?	How can I change my surname in my profile?
0	I cannot sign into my accounts. I have two accounts with you and both are blocked	Is it possible to merge two accounts into one?
1	the seller have other behavior	I have complains about a seller
0	The product came but I can not transfer the money to the seller	When can I buy with bank transfer?
1	i want to be connected with a real person	an i talk to a real person
0	the seller is a lier	Seller has not received the payment
1	please give phone number customer service i have problem paying for 2 days know	Please advise me your service phone number
1	I want a live chat	I want to chat with administration
1	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier has rejected by refund request
0	Can I get payment receipt for orders of all sellers?	Can I pay for all orders in one payment?
0	Dear friend, Thanks for your message and order. When we are arranging to refund to you, and the system showed you opened the dispute, so we could not refund to you. Please don't worry. We will not let you lose your money. Could you please cancel the di	Could you please help me?
1	Can you tell me if you are able to accept paypal for payments	Do you accept PayPal as payment option?
1	im trying to use a coupon	How to use a coupon in order?
0	Forgot login how to restore?	I mistakenly canceled the order. How do I restore it?
0	I have urn Eva...	Eva is useless
0	hello i am just wondering if i'm on the right site. i sign up for the affiliate program but i am a bit confuse, i do not see anywhere i can get a link to post to my website	How do I post my products to your site?
0	how can I leave a feedback	I cannot leave feedback.
0	seller has not ship out my order	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
1	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	Seller accepted the terms of the dispute but there was no refund.
0	order not received seller not answer	the seller does not answer my messages.
0	I need ask give number	i need a number for customer service
0	i order some item last week	My purchase order arrived. The item had some damage.
0	i accidentally cancelled my order	When will I receive my refund for cancelled order?
0	is the dispute for redemption does not work	my password does not work
0	I have already open a dispute but they refuse it	I have open dispute but it has been close with no answer
0	i'm having a problem with appeal	i just placed order and having problem
0	today i saw something that i want to buy. I is on sale. the sale is due to close now. I cannot buy because I cannot log onto the site. What can I do?	I want to buy with a debit card, but I cannot.
1	so can't do bank payment if t	Why my payment was declined by bank?
0	my order no. is	Whether my order was shipped?
0	just a moment	I just placed an order
1	hello, i have problems with an order	I am having problems with the order
0	are we corresponding	We did not purchase anything but we have been charged.
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	I paid for my order. Why did you cancelled it?
0	I need change may email because I don't localize my email and I need to buy	I need to change my product because the size is small
0	Hi, I am not able to open my account	I am not able to buy anything
1	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	I have been charged twice
1	I want invoice	I want to get a invoice for my product.
1	how to report	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	I am not able to open dispute	Am I able to sell things?
1	I want a human!	i want to get human
0	how canon i print the invoice.	How do I print Boleto?
0	No please listen.....I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please h	The system will not let me pay
0	will all item be shipped together	Can I pay all sellers together?
0	Closed dispute in favor of the store	Was the store closed?
0	hello, there no chat now available since yesterday until now. why?	Why I cannot order now???
1	I don't have a tracking number. I am trying to place an order	Why I am not able to place an order?
0	i have not received my order.	I have received my order, how to confirm?
0	how do I submit an appeal?	I submit cancellation of order request, but my seller has denied it.
0	how to upload picture	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
1	can you answer my question	Did you answer my question?
0	can you check my dispute?	Can you check the supplier for me?
0	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	How do I cancel products in my Shopping Cart?
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	I am trying to place an order and for some reason it does not let me
1	ok please contact me with other people	Please call me.
0	add credit card information	Will visa master credit card work
0	Hello, anybody there?	I want to know is anybody who can speak in
1	Please cancel my account as details are wrong	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
0	I have contacted the seller	I have orders cancelled for a suspicious seller
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	Can I shipped the items together?
0	What is wish list	share my wish list
0	check on that order number i gave you please i need to understand what the outcome is	Seller gave me false traceable tracking number. What can I do?
0	How to chance shipping courier	my courier change the shipping address
1	do you have a phone number?	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call?
0	i already asked something i am talking with a computer isn't it	I have problem with my computer
0	exchange coins to coupons	dollar exchange rate
0	i just want to log in but where is my password	I want to see where my items
0	I want to know about my refund	I want to know more about product specifications.
1	how to remove card	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	my Shipment cancelled	Why my order have not been cancelled?
0	check on that order number i gave you please i need to understand what the outcome is	I gave an incorrect email. What can I do?
0	I would like to make a payment via bank slip which procedure I am not finding the desired option	Can I get my bank slip again as I did not print it?
0	ok but I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	OK WHAT I HAVE TO DO
1	how many days to get a refund	After cancellation how many days you return money?
1	I cannot make an account and I want to track a package	How could I track my package?
1	these links are not working I need a service team	I coudn't reach your service team
0	how do I undo the dispute so that they get paid?	When will you resolve the dispute so I can get my refund?
1	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I am waiting for the refund to be credited to my card, how long will it take?
0	could you track the status of order	i have a problem with my order. could you help me?
0	i have forgot my password	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I want to send an email	How long does it takes from I placed my order until i get an e-mail?
0	I need to access my mobile orders on my PC	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
0	can I order without mobile phone?	Can I order via phone?
1	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	I cannot track my order.
0	Question is listed above	I paid and the request is not yet listed as paid.
0	Can I get payment receipt for orders of all sellers?	Can I pay all sellers together?
0	I have a problem with the system I visited this page I filled out the form	I have a problem with coupon
1	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	How to cancel dispute?
0	seller is not not trying to refund or replace	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	How to cancel product?	how to cancel my account
0	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	I made a payment for the item but the system shows Awaiting Payment?
0	How can i pay for my purchase?	How can I purchase a laptop?
0	after making the payment, the cart is empty, but the transaction did not complete	Who will pay for the bank service fee when making payment by Bank Transfer?
1	I received my orders and all of the costumes are too small. I need much larger sizes and are performance is coming up soon. Can I have three new costumes shipped out asap?	i received my product, but it is too small, can i change it?
0	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	I paid but the order show payment processing
0	the wedding gown i bought was too big for the bride, despite the fact that i put the size to follow	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
1	my cart is empty	Why my shopping cart is empty?
0	when I open a dispute	How do I open dispute?
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	i have been placed my order and have not received it
0	how do i see coupon	How do I know if my coupon is valid?
0	nice to meet you too	you are so nice
1	how to change card details	How do I change credit card?
0	I cannot use my select coupon	When i go to the shopping cart i cannot use the coupon
1	i will ask another help	I want to ask a question
1	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	the seller sent my parcel but is not to my country
0	Why do i have to resubmit the documents i already submitted to you? WHY? WHY? WHY?	do you know why?
0	My question is not there	Did you receive my question?
0	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	why I cannot keep track of your order by tracking number?
0	my shipment has been cancelled	My account has been hacked
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	I have paid for my orders but the sellers have cancelled my order
0	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	Your form of uploading attachments does not work.
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	Why you don't have holidays?
0	no i can't follow my order	my order can't go through
0	I want to know, what happen with my causes?	What will happen if the seller does not respond to my dispute?
0	change card information	I will upload my card and identity information
0	A long time ago I forgot what my password was. I tried to get somebody to help me bust nobody would. I stopped buying things from the website.	I would like to send buying inquiry to seller.
0	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	Will you send an email to let me know my money has been refunded?
1	I want to know If i can to speak with the seller before buy a product.	How can I get in touch with the seller before buying?
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons?	My payment does not go through what do I do?
0	i don't paid because	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	I have no pay without paypal	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	I have a question about taxes	I have one question.
0	I have tried three times and I am not getting any help	I am having trouble becoming a member, I have tried several times.
0	what card I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me error	An unknown error was occurred
0	i did not forget pass code	how can i delete pass orders?
0	cancel order	cancel the registration
1	What is my payment status?	What is the status of my order?
0	I mean did you take tbc here	Will you always be here?
1	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	How do I edit my email address?
0	My forms and documents are not going	Did you receive my verification documents?
0	Did you receive my order back yet?	Why did not I receive my order in my email?
1	I canceled my order without giving cargo but could you help my param still not getting into the account?	My order was canceled. Could you send back the cost?
0	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	I wanna fuck you
0	Good Morning. I paid the order ticket and without wanting to cancel it, can you activate it again please?	Why can not I click Cancel Order" after I paid for my order?"
0	I cannot upload a video	I cannot upload the attachment
0	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	Why my order shows dispute closed?
0	how to recover old account	How do I bring up old orders?
0	I love you.	Which city do you love best?
0	How to find the item ship from USA in the store	How do I use Store Numbers to find sellers?
0	ja watch for me	do you marry me?
0	how do I place order	How do I track my order?
0	Problem not solved.	have a problem
0	how do I extend buyer protection?	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
0	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	if I use my credit card will i get buyer protection?
0	i receive the order after getting refund	when I can receive refund in dispute order
0	how to add the reward points	How to add product to Wish List
1	Do you speak italian?	Do you speak portuguese?
0	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	What languages can you speak?
0	why seller extend the delivery period	The seller did not extend the delivery
0	where can i find my barcode	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
1	I feel like I talk with a robot and I don't like this.	I want to talk to a person but not a robot
0	I have a code for 435 off my order put it is not allowing me to put the code in	I have put some items in the cart by mistake
0	please read above	how do i read messages
1	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	i want to speak to someone
0	Them i want to a people that speaking spanish please	How can i change the Spanish language to english?
0	I already did this is nothing.	I have nothing to do now
0	Please check the history on this site	Is this site legit?
0	where do I find account settings	Where can I find my dispute cases?
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	The shopping cart is not showing the products
1	ok i know that but the process is very long	why are you so long to process the order?
0	Its the 5 time I contact my order is not coming	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
0	how to respond to escalated dispute	What will happen after I escalated dispute?
0	The product in Shopping Cart disappear. What can I do?	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	Payment error in App	Sorry, your payment was not successful. No money has been deducted. Reason: An unknown error has occurred.
1	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	how can i get questions answered over the phone
0	what is written on judgment is in chinese and it has taken long	what has happened to my order
0	but how much time	How much is the buyer membership?
0	appeal for dispute	i have a dispute with the seller
0	Hello. I reached out for customer service 3 times now.	hello I have a problem with a store
0	will My goods arrive directly to my hand or do I have to go to customs ofice	I have not received my goods, what can I do
1	are you human? I need help	I need small help from you
0	Good Morning. I paid the order ticket and without wanting to cancel it, can you activate it again please?	Please cancel my order.
1	extend buyer protection.	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
1	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	I canceled the order, but the money I have not returned
0	The products received are not what I have agreed	I want to know if I am in Spain, how long I wait?
0	the part where you have to write the code seems defective	Part Order Shipped
1	Yes, but she does not respond so quickly, you can not watch help me please please	can u please help me?
0	I placed an order the order was not shipped I paid for the order and shipping fee I was only refunded my order fee only and shipping fee was not refunded why?	How can I combine the shipping fee if I order several items from one seller?
0	I want to order many items but my account is under appeal	How many items can be in my Wish List?
0	i cant see it there	In my question cant get an answer.
0	change the reason of dispute	How can I change dispute if seller agreed?
1	I want a human!	may i talk with human?
0	I can`t see my order	Where I can see the number of my order tracker?
0	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	How much should I pay the postage?
0	i cant pay for my item	i want my item
1	why coins not added	Why I did not get the coins?
0	a colleague said he would be restored	I have placed order but they said transaction closed.
0	Where can I find feedback left about me?	How do i edit my feedback left?
0	Do I have to have an account with your company to order a product?	on your site I have not found this product, can you help me find him?
0	will you deliver to usa	how long does it take to deliver
0	Who is your boyfriend?	Who will pay for return shipping?
0	Visa credit card	My credit card is overcharged
0	someone else know vietnamese?? I wanna oder	I did not create this account, someone else created this account. Used my email
0	I forgot the login account id and password, what should I do?	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	he seller says we have returned the money. I did not get the money.	my dispute is closed but I did not get my money back
0	unresolved refund status	What is the status right now?
0	I don't see what to clock	where can I see what I paid for?
1	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	my ordered was delivered to the wrong address
0	are you okay?	You are nonsense.
1	I am still not able to pay my orders	I am not able to pay through debit card
1	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	I want to open dispute
0	aparece Status: Fund Processing	How do I cancel Fund Processing status?
0	Top ten items which sold in 2017 at top	On which best describes you?
0	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	I never received my item. it was closed by mistake.
0	unable to find the address	Why I cannot find China in the address list?
0	How to get refund from Mercado pago	How can I get a refund?
0	how to add items in cart	How do I add to the shopping cart?
0	Hello, I'm not a customer yet.	Why have not I get a refund yet?
0	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	I wonder if you have any dispute opened for this request
0	waiting for reply	Cannot type in the reply box
0	SIR I PAY HAND TO HAND	Do I pay for delivery?
1	steps on how to contact seller?	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	Nice to know you.	You are a nice girl.
0	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	Can I have an email address
1	Did you helped me?	Did you answer my question?
0	How do I get a coupon back	How do I get my money back?
0	i am trying to open a dispute but the picture attachment isn't loading	I am trying to place an order
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons?	Why my purchase did not go through?
0	how can I open a dispute?	When can I open a dispute?
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	Why your system keep cancelling my order?
0	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	I am dissatisfied with claim result. What can I do?
1	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	I received the wrong size for my product
0	what is fuck is that	fuck in your ass hole
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Sorry, your account has been flagged for some reasons and you are unable to participate in this promotion.
0	A long time ago I forgot what my password was. I tried to get somebody to help me bust nobody would. I stopped buying things from the website.	I ordered things from different vendors. Can I pay in one time?
0	no, you need cancel my email for me to buy again	Why I need to pay again?
0	i have attached all documents	I cannot upload documents.
0	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	If I ordered 4 items and received 2 of them, do I click confirm order?
1	How do I manage my shopping cart	I do not know how to use my shopping cart
1	Hi. I want to send mail to sales manager. I need the email address.	I need to speak to sales representative
0	How to cancel product?	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	how to return item	I want to return item for a refund
0	I want to order many items but my account is under appeal	How can i delete the completed orders or useless orders under my account?
0	how respond on escalated dispute?	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
0	Where to see coupon page	Where can I see the recipient?
1	I need contact with a real person	Do you have a contact phone number so I can talk to a real person?
0	your guys said that payment is on hold..	Can I call you guys
0	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	Can any of you talk to in Arabic
1	ship to syria	you ship to Spain
0	where is the dispute detail page	Where can I see the dispute result?
0	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	I have to go for now.
0	hi, i am trying to order an item but it wont let me pay, keeps saying im not logged in	it keeps saying i have no account
1	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	When will I receive refund after order finished?
0	No, you do not see it.	Why I do not see any records of my order?
0	how to respond on dispute	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier does not respond, how to proceed?
1	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	Why my order is cancelled?
0	how do I undo the dispute so that they get paid?	Whether I get paid or not?
0	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	can I ask you about the
0	changing the size of item	I am having troubles changing my email address
0	luffy can I have the address or direction puffy gave me yesterday	Seller gave me false traceable tracking number. What can I do?
0	can you send goods to iran?	Can I send my goods to China?
1	the seller sent wrong color	The seller sent wrong color
1	The goods I purchased do not work. I have contacted the seller direct but am getting only emojis as replies. Cannot open a dispute.	I cannot open dispute
0	is it possible to export a report of all my shopping?	Is possible to change my name ID?
0	how can I get sellers address	I want my sellers email address
1	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	I would like to know what with my order?
1	hello, I had received massage through phone app that my order delivered, but however the item I did not receive	I did not receive my item. How do I get a refund?
0	How to delete an order in shopping cart	How to buy the goods in shopping cart?
1	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	Is there a number I can call to speak to someone live?
1	It is possible?	Is it possible to pay with a DEBIT card?
0	but I can not make purchases with the repayment money	How old is Jack Ma?
0	but I would like to know if it's possible for me to get samples or pay for samples of some of the products before I buy large quantities	I would like to know when I will get my refund.
0	how to apply warranty	I have a coupon but cannot apply on my purchase.
0	how to remove card?	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
0	i got new debit card how do i up date my card	i have debit card
1	i need call with you	i need a number to call a representative
0	The seller does not want to know anything about the dispute	I want to know more about product specifications.
0	earn more about new features!	Would you tell me more about dropshipping?
0	remove my card number	how to remove my order?
0	my products do not reach me, I can not make a dispute	please let me know
0	I have new email	I have just joined and have not received my confirmation email.
0	Who will bear the shipping cost?	How much does shipping cost?
0	I am still not able to pay my orders	Am I able to sell things?
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	I opened a dispute and my application has already been closed
0	the order is close	I want to close my order. How can I do this?
1	Are you able to help me?	can you help me?
1	can u trace for me right now	How can I trace my product?
0	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	I don't know.
0	how to file a complaint	how to file dispute when confirmation timeout
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	May I know the progress of my order
0	how to place order without paying it?	How can I place an order in specified size?
1	Can american express be used?	Why you do not accept American Express credit card?
0	i wanna know about ma order	i wanna pay but I do not know how
0	I placed an order the order was not shipped I paid for the order and shipping fee I was only refunded my order fee only and shipping fee was not refunded why?	i placed order and paid.
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	Hi, I have a problem with my payment.	I have a problem with my shipment
0	High Quality 2016 Men Shoes Sport Lace Up Casual Shoes Men Flats Breathable Mesh Shoes Men Tenis size 39-48	I want a men
0	i need to know the way to use it... like credits or something	I need to know something about the size
0	order detail page	page in maintenance
1	What I should do?	what should i do next?
1	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	I already sent the documents but no one process
0	the order is close	What happens if I close a dispute?
0	i think my tracking number is a fake	I cannot find my tracking number
1	i have only ATM for my payment please let me know the solution	Could you let me know which card I used?
0	how to block notification	How much is it?
0	and i know you have a large market base in nigeria	i need to know if you take mastercard?
1	do you have a phone number?	Do you have a phone number i can ring?
0	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	What I should do?	The product I bought is defective, what should I do?
0	help with my account	I need help with my Visa
0	place an order?	i just place an order
0	I do not want partial refund, I want full refund	I did not get a full refund
0	My order was stuck, so I opened a dispute. I won and got the refund, but now the item randomly arrived and I want to give the money back to the seller. What can I do?	I opened a dispute and what to do next?
0	no order found	Suspicious activity was found on order number on my account.
0	and i can;t check the tracking	How can I check the claim status?
0	I have a code for 435 off my order put it is not allowing me to put the code in	The postal code in my order is wrong
0	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	How do I place order?
0	so? i can;t	When will you resolve the dispute so I can get my refund?
0	i'm having a problem with appeal	i AM HAVING A SERIOUS PROBLEM WITH THE COMPANY AND IT SEEMS THAT NOBODY CARES.
0	I just want to remove credit card from site	I want refund to my credit card
0	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	Can I open a dispute I canceled
0	How can I put the store on the black list?	how can I find the address of a store?
0	and will they all be the same design	I was charged twice for the same order
0	what is rewards points	I shared with friends but why not give points?
0	hello some can help me	Can you lend me some money?
1	can you ck only order?	you can check my order
1	If your order shows 'order cancel',	Why it shows Your order has been closed?
0	Hi One of my purchases on the Tracking information has had the "Shipment Cancelled" what does this mean and will I still get my parcel	tracking order what does collection mean
0	my shipment still not dispatched	My order is closed for No Shipment.
0	i can't open the dispute because i have a message telling me that i have to wait for the seller to send the package but the seller told me to open the dispute because the package was stopped by customs	i have a dispute with the seller
1	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	I cancelled an order and have not been refunded
0	Good morning, Eva. It is possible to verify a request made by me because DHL did not identify my purchase by the tracking code.	Eva did you understand my question
1	how do i reset password?	I do not remember the password
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	I am getting an error message when making my credit card payment.
0	no link here	hi any one here
0	I finished dispute	I am trying to request a refund from seller but states dispute is finished
1	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	Do I have to pay for wrong item return
0	fast shipping courier	What is Fast refund?
0	What happens to my order when my shipment status says "shipment canceled"?	When will I get my shipment?
1	how to contact your seller	How can I contact the seller to send information?
0	unable to set the shipping address	How do I set up shipping address?
0	i cancel the pre order	I have pre-paid card and in the transaction is not working
0	how do i use select coupon	I have a coupon, how do I use it in my new order?
0	need to have a developer account via API	I have an account problem
1	I want to talk with human	i want to talk to a human online
0	i need store http joi li	I need the address of store
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	i would like to disable my account.
1	hi, How to resume the dispute? i am travelled and dispute was closed	A dispute was closed but not resolved. What can I do?
1	I thought this was supposed to be a live chat?	How do I Live Chat?
1	how to open dispute	How do I open an dispute?
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	How can i back to english language
1	do you have a phone number?	do you have a phone number
0	My refund is not at the correct price. What should I do?	there is no link in my email to verify it. what should i do
0	Is there any way to tell when my order will actually be delivered?	Does my order get delivered to my home address?
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	i need to know if you take mastercard?
0	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	if I wear usa size large is it the same as china
0	Add to Wish List Does not work	Add items from wish list to shopping cart
0	how many item I will received	How can I search item by item number?
0	I need help to register my account.	I need your help with my purchase
1	Do i get a shipping discount if it's a large order?	Can I get discount if my order is large
0	My account has the problem	This item has problem
0	how to use select coupons	I can not use my coupons
0	that does not work	My product does not work
0	Walle, How can you type so fast	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
0	respond on dispute	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier does not respond, how to proceed?
1	i need helper	I need help.
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	I have a problem with my account
0	Why my package is blocking the original country?	Why there no China in the Country list?
0	And seller don't give my money back	Is it safe to give my password to the seller?
0	I made a purchase, send it to the wrong address, and it looks like it will return, how do I get my product	How do I send back the product?
1	I received a refund but not total why?	Why I received the less refund?
0	How to set that no one can send message	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	Who will bear the shipping cost?	What is the cost for shipping to China?
0	My credit data has to be updated. How should I do it? can you guide me to do that please	How can I use my discount coupon? What should I do?
1	but I would like to know if it's possible for me to get samples or pay for samples of some of the products before I buy large quantities	Can I order samples?
0	why is my dispute invalid	Why Western Union says it is invalid account number?
0	Duplicate payments to solve	Why it is a long time to solve the dispute?
0	credit card details	How to pay with credit card?
0	i don't paid because	I don't know how to use it.
0	how to cancel unpaid order	How do I cancel Frozen Order?
0	Why nobody can help?	Why nobody process my claim?
1	hi,I have a question. how I can send my item to china?	Can I send my goods to China?
0	How can i get the nacional tracking code for my product?	How do I search by product code?
1	what will happen when I open dispute	What will happen after I open dispute?
1	trouble logging in	I am having problem logging in
1	how to edit shipping address	How can I edit my shipping address?
0	open dispute but seller refuse to refund	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	cancel my order	I want to cancel my order.
0	Hi, I have a problem, I want to return the camcorder to the warranty service, and the seller does not reply to my message	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
0	can you send goods to iran?	Can you send an invitation letter to me?
0	its there in Line haul from a long time	How long is processing time?
1	coins are not added	Why I did not get the coins?
0	I click the PAY NOW button and it says every time that there has been and erros so I cant pay my order	I am trying to place an order, but when I click Buy Now button nothing happen
1	unresolved refund status	refund request status
1	ok please contact me with other people	Can I contact you by other ways?
0	yes i did multiple orders	How do I pay for multiple orders?
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	I made purchase but they closed my order.
0	my products do not reach me, I can not make a dispute	talk to me
0	hi, How to resume the dispute? i am travelled and dispute was closed	How do I resume order?
1	I cannot sign in?	I cannot sign in my account
0	Shipping canceled for what reason	What is the cost for shipping to China?
1	How can I change feedback	How do I change feedback to 4 stars?
0	I want to send an email	can I send you e-mail?
0	earn more about new features!	How can I know more about the product?
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	i am ill now
0	Can can send my email	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	can I sell?	Can I talk with you?
0	when my pay cancelled	Can I get my money back when the order is cancelled?
1	i need open dispute	I need open a dispute
1	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
0	I need top ten items sold in 2017	Can I shipped the items together?
1	where is the appeal button?	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	where I can see my coupon page?	Where can I see the recipient?
0	i am trying to open a dispute but the picture attachment isn't loading	I cannot open dispute
1	My received was hold in the customs	What do I do if my package is detained by customs?
1	What is my order?	What is the status of my order?
1	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	How do I change my order?
0	how do i place order?	How do I change my order?
0	i want to know is that any store with that name	I want to know coupon
0	how reward points will be added	Why do not I have points for my orders?
0	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	How can I contact the seller to send information?
1	HE CAN SPEAK IN SPANISH?	do you speak spanish?
0	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	I already made the payment via bolete and my status is still awaiting payment
0	hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a random page?	Can I put you a question?
0	I can't leave a feedback	When can I leave feedback?
0	I sent my documents	I sent my item back
0	They send me that	Can you send me a photo of you?
0	im trying to use a coupon	how to use coupon again
0	OK OK OK	Is the seller ok to buy from?
0	Hello! I have closed the dispute on may 21, 2017 and says that the refund will be made. When will be refunded the money?	My transaction was closed. When can I get the money back?
0	You're a robot?	you good robot?
1	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	I paid for my order but the payment is unsuccessful and my money was deducted
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	I forgot to put my name on shipping address
0	how can I get sellers address	Can I get one receipt for orders of all sellers?
0	I cannot upload video	I cannot upload attachment.
0	how to receive refund through Boleto?	Why can't I pay through Boleto?
0	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	Hope can talk with you again tomorrow.
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	You sent me an email canceling my payment because the seller was doubtful
0	You are saying anything about my refund	I paid my purchase but it was saying that there was no payment
0	Who is the seller	Who is your favorite person?
0	respond on dispute	Buyer does not respond
0	HI,I MAKE A ORDER AND I CAN'T TO PAY ,ALWAYS I HAVE THE SAME MASSAGE	I was charged twice for the same order
0	How do I register a business account	Can I register an account for free?
1	how to add video to my dispute	How to add video?
1	I want a live chat	I want to speak with Live Chat
0	how to paid order?	how to delete paid order
0	Hi Im having trouble placing an order Can you help me figure out whats wrong with your system?	can you help me?
0	Close account and delete credit card	Do you close my account?
1	ship to syria	Do you ship to iraq
0	order detail page	Is this page safe?
0	how to apply warranty	Apply for compensation (COUPON)
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I has sent you a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What will happen?
1	how to use store coupon	How do I use seller coupon?
0	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	I want to change the order. Do I need cancel all orders and open new ones?
0	I do not want to cancel my order	I want to cancel the order. There is mistake.
0	how to remove feedback	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
0	how do I find a certain store?	How do I add it to store list?
1	Can not you talk to me?	can you tell me
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons??	How can i go to checkout?
0	I have never bought anything	I cannot type anything
0	How do I cancel my credit card details	How do I change my bank details?
0	You're already putting this on all the time	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	Please investigate my problem	There is a problem in changing my profile name
0	The shipment ME requested did not come as it was replaced by another product	Can I get the product to come faster?
0	You're a robot?	Why I am connected to a Robot?
0	how to remove ideal payment detail	how to remove my order?
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	i wanted to know the order status
0	How do I tell the clerk?	How do I reorder?
0	It was not bank transfer	The seller do not accept Bank Transfer
0	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	Can you send me a price list?
0	why to put card details again?	Why is my payment being verified again while it has been confirmed?
0	I wanted to know more or less the day my products arrived?	I want to know more about bank transfer.
1	Money has not been paid	My article has already been paid but it is marked as unpaid.
1	The seller doesn't respond to me. What should I do?	The seller does not respond to me
0	When will refund be done?	this request is on the progress, when will the refund be done?
0	How to contact the seller	How do I find a seller?
0	the order is under the wrong email	order sent to a wrong address
0	exchange coins to coupons	pay with the coupons
1	Can I reopen a dispute	I want to reopen a dispute
0	I can't find the iDeal icon in my payment options	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
0	How to pay using Boleto	How do I pay for my order using western union?
0	hey. is this online chat?	hey how r u?
0	how do i appeal my payment?	How do I send my payment through bank transfer?
0	So where can I FOUND COUPONS I EXCHANGED? WHERE ARE THEY?	Where can I pick up my item?
0	i sent a request but nothing came through	i want to close a request
0	dispute is finished but the tea bags still haven't arrived	my orders got a finished" message but they have not arrived yet."
0	I want to know, what happen with my causes?	what happen to my orders
1	how many time take for delivery?	How many days will it take to deliver my package to UK?
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	What can I do if seller do not respond to my cancel request?
1	I want to speak in Portuguese	Can you speak Portuguese?
0	i have some question. so tell me your email address	I have a question on refund.
0	i did this all already and i was chatting with a member of your team and they said that it would be resolved by a day or so and it still has not been resolved	I paid for an order but it said that is still waiting payment
1	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	Your site does not offer english language
1	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	Why I had an order canceled?
1	Hello, I've a problem with my Order. Can you help, please	Please help resolve my order issues
0	The product came but I can not transfer the money to the seller	can I transfer the refund to my new order
0	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	I want to know the mediation status.
0	At what time should I contact you to receive help?	If I returned the package to my provider, should I extend the processing time?
0	Still not there either	Still not received a refund
0	do you want watch voor me	You do not understand me
0	add a friend	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	I think I just ordered twice? same thing by mistake	Why I paid for same product twice?
0	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	I am trying to open dispute but it is not going through.
0	My received was hold in the customs	If my products are seized by the customs, who will be responsible for the payment of customs duty?
0	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	i am ill now
0	Hello The reimbursement has been made but it still does not exist I buy but not accepted	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	i need to speak with someone	I need help.
0	Who is your boyfriend?	Who is Lady Gaga?
0	i did all of it	I did varies orders. Can you send it all together?
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	I want to change feedback but transaction is closed now.
0	how to change your email address	can you tell me your email address?
0	Who is the seller	Who are you?
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	I do not have a credit card
0	What is select coupon	Why can't I use my select coupon?
0	hello, can I pay when delivered?	When will I receive refund if I pay by Boleto?
0	I have new mail	i want your mail
0	All my orders has this note, and it seems like its not sending..	Can you send my orders all together in the same delivery?
0	i am trying to open a dispute but my attachment isn't loading	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	Cancelled Orders what is meaning	What is the meaning of SWIFT CODE?
0	I have already via this page and it was no problem.	i have a problem with the order
0	I bought a product that was sent by China Post Registered Air Mail and the 20 days does not receive update how do I contact the service?	What is China Post Air mail?
1	ship to iran	will you ship to my country?
0	how can i add my product for sale	How can I trace my product?
0	My order was stuck, so I opened a dispute. I won and got the refund, but now the item randomly arrived and I want to give the money back to the seller. What can I do?	I want my money back.
0	I love you.	Do you love chocolate
0	How to see the warranty	How can I see price in pounds?
0	I want to know more about the product	Can I know more about Western Union?
0	My app coins were not added. What can I do	How do I redeem my coins?
0	what is order number	What is IBAN account number?
0	delete wish list	Why my wish list is empty?
0	How can I get express shipping on my order	How can I get free shipping for the XXX
0	I made a purchase, send it to the wrong address, and it looks like it will return, how do I get my product	how can i return the product and get a bigger size
0	I just sent an email to you to get my credit card verified	if I use my credit card will i get buyer protection?
0	i do it but not working	I have received the order but item is not working
1	I have forgotten my password &amp; when I try &amp; reset my password from the email it is not connecting or when I copy &amp; paste web site to brower, its not showing the site, I just want a new password so i can check my account, but nothing is working	Why I did not receive an email with my new password
0	How old are you	How old is Jack Ma?
1	The payment was by ticket	I already paid my ticket but it appears as I have not paid yet, what do I do?
0	I sent my documents	I cannot upload documents.
0	I have not received my order..?	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	i want to recover deleted orders	How can I recover my money?
0	did you even give a answer	Can you give me a discount?
0	annot find a way to submit my proof of credit card info and my identification, every link is a blank page, I am overwhelmed with the feed back process that every store requires? I would be more than happy to submit my information so order verification team	I cannot submit evidence to my case
1	is the dispute for redemption does not work	I click open dispute button but it does not work
0	I filled out the form for appeal but I can not send it	What can I do if the product is out of stock?
0	I can't open dispute. Time is over	When can I open dispute?
0	i am not received my order	According tracking information, my order delivered in USA but I am in Philippines.
0	I prefer en Spanish	How can i change the Spanish language to english?
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	How do I convert English website into Chinese?
1	Money has not been paid	Why my order has not been paid?
0	10 days are over	How do I use my $10 coupon?
0	how reward points will be added	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	did not receive my refund	I did not receive my item. How do I get a refund?
1	Hello Eva. Are you there?	Eva you suck
0	is there anyone there?????	Can anyone be a member?
0	Looking for suppliers	Why only Chinese suppliers
0	how to see buyer protection	How to extend my buyer protection time?
0	my What is price	Supplier change the order price without my permission
0	I want to shipped order all at once	I want to cancel the order, but the sellers shipped it nevertheless
1	I would be happy to talk to a person	can i have a person to talk to
1	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	I have a dispute and the company has done nothing to resolve the problem
0	I was charged for an item I thought I purchased but never received it and can't find a trace of in on my orders	I need to change my shipping address on recently purchased item.
0	i am not able see dispute history	Am I able to sell things?
0	i have to have a refund	i returned the product and have not received the replacement or refund
1	What are you doing	how are you doing
1	I just want to know if my order has been sent	how do i know if my order has been shipped?
1	:) I write in English	I'll write in English
1	Are you able to help me	can you help me with
1	how do I get discount from the seller	I have purchase items. How do I get discount coupon?
0	We are receiving an error saying that the "Bank has declined our payment"	We are being asked for payment when it has already been made
1	upload video evidence	How to add video?
1	shipping courier to Germany?	shipping to the uk
0	my order status is closed wahy???	Why my order is in Null status?
0	how many can i add to my shopping cart	Why I cannot add item to Shopping Cart?
0	I placed an order and a dispute was opened and still haven't got my refund for over a month now.	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier has rejected by refund request
0	how to remove card?	how to remove old orders on my page?
0	I talked to the saller	I left a feedback for a company and I want to change what I wrote
0	Bank Konto BLZ	What is bank address?
0	how to reply to dispute	how to check dispute reason
1	how can I report fraud seller	How do I report a seller?
0	Can I access my mobile orders on my PC so I can print out my orders?	I can not pay my orders in Boleto
0	Hi, I have a problem, I want to return the camcorder to the warranty service, and the seller does not reply to my message	I have a problem with seller
1	will all item be shipped together	Can I shipped the items together?
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	i forgot my password and security answer	How can I reset my security question?
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	I have a dispute and the company has done nothing to resolve the problem
1	trouble logging in	I have difficulties logging in
0	i cant track my orders	Why my order take a long time to come and I cannot track orders?
0	why are you not answering corret: go to hell	supplier is not answering my questions
1	how to find a product	I cannot see the product what media find
1	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	I want to know about my order
0	western union need copy of official reciepe before i pay my items can you please send me the copy	I have a problem with my order at customs. Can you sent me a copy of my invoice?
0	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	will not accept debit how can I place order
0	i dont get my order yet	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
1	I have pay with the bank	I want to pay the bill via a bank transfer
0	A product does not match and does not work	Payment does not work
0	but i am after this period	i am confused as to who i am speaking with
0	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	Can I modify my dispute amount?
0	I can't open dispute	I need open a dispute
1	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	My order has been shipped to wrong country
1	I forgot my password and email, and login id	I forgot my password
0	Hi, I need to know how to send the producto to argentina via UPS	How can I contact you via email?
0	how to check coupon?	The coupon offered on this item is not showing at check out
1	I have not receive my money yet	When will I receive the money?
0	Hello! I have a question about a delivery.	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	My Order List	I would like to see the order in My Orders list
0	Why do i have to resubmit the documents i already submitted to you? WHY? WHY? WHY?	Why I do not return the money?
0	I did not but anything	I cannot write anything in the box
0	marked order by mistake as received	the order is
0	SPSR shipping method	wrong shipping method
0	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find previous purchases?
1	Hello, Is there a location where I can find the invoices of my purchases?	How can I get my shopping invoices?
0	The chat button is not working	this chat is automatic?
0	How to response my dispute case	Case NO dispute
1	how to change currency in pkr.	How can I change the prices to local currency?
0	what is a buyer protection?	Is buyer protection free?
1	urge seller to ship the ite,	The seller refuses to ship my order after I paid
1	I would be happy to talk to a person	I want to talk to a person but not a robot
0	I just wonder when I got my order	I wonder the status of my dispute
0	I had not receive my merchandise	I need to receive merchandise soon.
0	but it's written "delivery failed"	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
0	When i pay for an item in the shopping cart, you already have my credit card details saved, I'm not happy with that.	How can I recover the deleted item in the shopping cart?
1	I have a compte I don't connected	I don't know how to use it.
0	I want to group suppliers by country	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	I'm from Pakistan and want to re sell your products	I want to buy a lot of products
0	the wedding gown i bought was too big for the bride, despite the fact that i put the size to follow	I have a big problem with customs because the package is seized counterfeit
0	you can not help me	can you help me with
0	I have pay with the bank	Why I have to pay the service fee for your bank?
0	but it's written "delivery failed"	What's Eva mean?
0	I am waiting for payment verification?	I paid for an order but it said that is still waiting payment
0	how to find the seller's store	How do I add seller store to favorite?
0	All my orders has this note, and it seems like its not sending..	I bought from different sellers so my orders will be sent all together or not?
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	Can you cancel?	Why did you cancel the dispute?
0	dispute time is over	The timer for the time left before dispute seems strange.
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	I paid twice for the same item. what can I do?
0	do you have a solution for that	do you have a body
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
1	you can not help me	I realized that you can not help me
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	I received an email telling my account has been deactivated. What happens?
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	order has not arrived
0	I have not received my order..?	My order was cancelled but I have not received my refund
1	do you speak portuguese?	i need to speak portuguese
0	I had placed an order for 17 items and I received two things and the rest of the orders got cancelled as payment was not made. But the money for all the 17 items have been taken from my bank.	When i will receive the money of the items cancelled?
0	what time is it in China?	What's the weather in China?
0	I have questions about details of a product	I have few questions
1	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	I did not get a confirmation email
1	How to i open a dispute	How do I open dispute?
0	I want to check if they were really ordered, if do i need to cancel one of them	i want to check the order
0	why to put card details again?	I need to change my credit card details.
0	order not received seller not answer	The seller is not answer me
0	how to open dispute in app	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	Why my product does not arrive and my seller does not answer?
0	can't view order	I want to view complaint center
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	I do not want to close my account
1	how to return item	I want to return item which is not as described
0	how can I check order number	How can I search item by item number?
0	are u men or woman?	r u there
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	you dont get what i say to you
0	how to check feedback?	How to check saved stores?
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	How can I make a payment with 2 cards?
1	How do I delete feedback	How do I delete my negative feedback?
0	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
1	I been on this line over one hour speaking in person is better is better for me as you can see this is hard	Is there a support line i can call?
0	I can't get help from you	can I get deliveries from australia
0	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	i am talking about order number
0	sir i have to purchase a product from you sir	Do you have the product in stock?
0	sir how to buy	How to buy the goods in shopping cart?
0	Hello, please help me ASAP	Please give me help line number
0	i want coupon	I want to use this coupon, what is the code?
1	talk to someone	i want to talk to someone
0	Yes, but she does not respond so quickly, you can not watch help me please please	Please give me help line number
1	i have some question. so tell me your email address	i have a question
1	what does shipment cancelled mean	what does awaiting receipt mean
1	my shipment is cancelled	I have a problem with my shipment
0	how to use rewards points	How to use coupon?
0	how to advance search	Thanks in advance!
0	I want to be a dropshipper	i want to chat
0	items in one package	I want to have one transaction for 3 items, not separately.
0	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	How do I make a refund request?
0	the seller changed the shipping method?	How do I choose shipping method?
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
1	Can I be connected to a live operator, please.	i need a live representative please
1	you're a computer?	are you a computer
0	exchange coins to coupons	what is the exchange rate
0	You refused my dispute on a product, while I sent the requested photos to the seller. How to challenge this decision?	Who will make a final decision for a dispute?
0	how do i place the order	i just place an order
1	what the fuck you talking about	What a fuck day!
0	how to respond on dispute	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	Where to find a postal identifier	Where can I find previous orders?
0	Yes but the seller does not respond	I request a refund but the seller does not respond.
0	I want to group suppliers by country	I want to choose different suppliers for the products, but i want them shipped by combination to my delivery address.
0	how to find deleted order	How do I find past order?
0	I do not want partial refund, I want full refund	I want to request partial refund but I have not received the goods.
1	how do i change my profile?	How can I make changes to my profile?
0	can i speak with you in french?	can i speak with you from telephone?
0	my account is not working	My address is not working
1	which account the refund money	On which account to send the money?
0	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	I want to open a dispute but the page does not work
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	can i not give you my tracking number and you check?	you can check my order
1	So i contact the seller i want my money back	I want my money back.
0	I love you.	What is Love"?"
0	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	seller harassing me to get better reviews
0	OF THIS YOU HAVE NOT BEEN MADE YOU MUST PAY	made a purchase with you but my order was cancelled par failure to pay
0	i ordered pokemon cards there fake	can I pay with two different visa cards
0	Can I ever report abuse of card usage?	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	I do not have the order number only the ticket	How do I print Boleto?
0	How to get refund from Mercado pago	How to get a partial refund on my order.
0	How do I change my email address	How do change my address?
0	No, I need an answer from you.	You won't answer me.
0	I been on this line over one hour speaking in person is better is better for me as you can see this is hard	I cannot figure out which seller is better
1	I have problem with you guys	I have a problem.
1	Hello, please help me ASAP	can u please help me?
0	How do I use my email address in new account	I have a coupon, how do I use it in my new order?
0	Where do you live Eva?	fuck eva you are hot
0	OMG I keep losing the conversation wtf?	I clear the cookies still keep ask me log in
0	credit card details	Credit card type
0	via bank card	I cannot make the payment via credit card
1	you not understand me to help us	you can not help me
0	can i know my payment status	I wanna know the status of my case
0	Can you talk to a human being?	How can I contact you for my transactions being canceled?
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	I want to about Credit Card Refund
0	unable to place an order	Why my order is unable to be shipped to Washington?
0	add email address	How do I add shipping address?
1	estimated time delivery	I want to know the delivery time of each shipping method
0	Seller change shipping method from China Post Registered Air Mail to China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus, without my permision so I can not international track package	What is China Post Air mail?
0	the color number was L	l am very disappointed with my order
0	where is the "here?"	WHERE IS HANGZHOU
0	What does "Waiting Receipt" means? Isn't payment OK?	What does The supplier has partially shipped your order" means?"
0	fabric on children's clothes	What's your cup?
1	how do i see coupon	How do I check my coupon?
1	Add to Wish List Does not work	I am not able to add to my wish list
0	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	I cannot upload documents.
0	can't view order	my order can't go through
1	yes i need help	I need help man.
0	I been on this line over one hour speaking in person is better is better for me as you can see this is hard	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	what is coins	Will coins return when cancel preorder?
0	canceled no shipment	When the order will be canceled?
0	It never get frozen it goes to pay and it is paid instantly	It never arrived
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	my password does not work
1	I placed an order and canceled but I was deducted. can you confirm if my money will be reversed to my account?	I have canceled an order, when can I get my money back?
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	How do I add it to My Favorite Store?
0	unable to set the shipping address	I am unable to change my email address. It says it is already in use.
0	how to remove credit card?	How to pay with credit card?
0	From this store, How to find the product ship from USA	How can I find a store?
0	upload picture on feedback	I cannot upload the attachment
0	how to add photo	How to add video as my evidence?
0	I need help with my appeal	I need help with my Visa
0	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	Can you escalate the dispute for me?
1	how to upload videos	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	add videos on dispute	add TradeManager contact
0	My products from the above order did not arrive, how do I?	How do I order from the same seller?
1	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	I have been charged twice for my order
1	upload evidence video	How to add video in my dispute?
0	remove card details	remove my name in the transaction
0	How to find the item ship from USA in the store	how can I find what I recently bought from you?
1	I do not want the product anymore I want my money back Please send me my refund	Please cancel my order. I do not want it anymore.
0	I had received the order, I dont need refund.	i dont speak english
0	Because my order never gets in hold always goes to paid instantly	I never used my coupon.
0	how to check coupons?	How can I earn coupons?
1	How do I know whether my order has been shipped	How do I know that my order has been sent?
0	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	i want the number for your company
0	i opened a dispute	I opened a dispute and the seller did not respond, the dispute was closed.
0	i need to raise dispute	I need to return product and need a return address
0	i mistakenly cancelled my order after made the payment. But i want my order to be done. What can i do?	My order was cancelled. How do I retake it?
0	i need online chat	i thought this was online help?
0	how can I remove from cart?	How can I shop with cart?
0	how do I reset password	I want to reset my password have not got the email
0	Good morning, I would like to know how to be an affiliate and sell the products	I would like to know the feedback of a seller.
0	Hello, I'd like to join your affiliate program and I'd like to use my YouTube channel. Can I use my YouTube channel link for the website	Can I use my coupons in combined orders?
1	i need my money back on my card today	How can I get back my money?
0	The payment was by ticket	payment for services
0	Is there any way to tell when my order will actually be delivered?	According tracking information, my order delivered in USA but I am in Philippines.
0	I have already via this page and it was no problem.	i have a problem with an order
0	so please you can help me	you can not help me
0	how to place order without paying it?	I have a coupon, I do not know how to use when paying new order
0	hi eva. im having a problem with an order	hi miss Eva
0	how to upload picture to dispute	i do not know how to upload pictures
1	The seller is a cheater!	The seller is a scammer
0	I want to verify if my order was processed	I sent all materials to verify my credit card. What will happen?
0	shipment was cancelled	What is Awaiting Shipment?
0	how to leave additional feedback	How do I leave feedback for the seller?
0	how do i change my profile?	How do I change my order?
0	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	Your Help Center does not work
0	my order is not moving	this is my order no.
0	Yes product same seller same item	Can I buy more than one item at the same time?
0	one package for the order	Can I select multiple colors for one order?
0	How do I cancel account?	How do I cancel my order?
0	i don't know where to find my barcode	I don't know how to use it.
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I sent all materials to verify my credit card. What will happen?
0	after received item I found out it is not working	How can I take an item out my cart?
1	how to chance shipping method?	Which shipping method is better?
0	DO U SPEAK FRENCH PLEASE	could u please call
1	i havent received my goods yet	not received order yet
0	I am asking you question	I am sick of you.
0	how can i change my credit card details	How can I change the address on my order?
0	how to become seller	How do I blacklist a seller?
0	my account no work	Why will not my gift card work?
1	I can not upload videos or photos to the dispute	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	How long in I forgot the password	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	the order is under the wrong email	I have enter wrong email.
0	Did you helped me?	Why did you cancel the dispute?
0	It seems an old appeal has resurfaced on my account. All the documentation has been submitted and the appeal was satisfied weeks ago. Can you please help me resolve this issue?	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
0	Check the refund on my card.	How to check my message center
0	HE CAN SPEAK IN SPANISH?	How can i change the Spanish language to english?
0	Have all of my orders been paid for? I got confirmation emails saying they were paid but when I click on the order it says it was cancelled due to security reasons. How many of the items in my order list are paid and how many are cancelled. Can I talk to s	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
0	How to respond	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier does not respond, how to proceed?
1	A product does not match and does not work	The item does not work properly
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	Will you send an email to let me know my money has been refunded?
0	how i become a seller	How do I blacklist a seller?
1	how to file complaint	How to file a claim?
0	I have already send the proof to your colleagues	I already registered. How do I pay for your order?
0	I want more wide walking shoes, width to be E, EE, EEE, EEEE	They want more money for shipment
0	I brought something and they done have it, so I need my refund	I need to know something about the size
0	What is select coupon	Apply for compensation (SELECT COUPON)
0	want to pay for item that was refunded	How do I pay for an item?
0	what is confirm goods received	I can not confirm receipt of goods.
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change my shipping address?
0	I have ordered with an incorrect email address	You have entered incorrect e-mail
1	EVA I WANT TO TALK TO HUMAN	I want to talk to you
0	i just have a question	I have a question on refund.
0	have talked to you yesterday and was told this will be resolved within a day	You send spam every day, I do not want any more of your emails
0	what time is it in China?	What is on-time delivery?
1	I have gone through what you have suggested and it has not helped. I need to have my account either deleted or my password for the email and user name reset. Please put your boss on.	I want to reset my password have not got the email
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	How do I cancel the order if I have already paid?
0	Where do I submit my drivers license and credit card information to prove who i am?	I do not have a credit card
0	how i can sell one product in u site	How can I purchase one product?
0	i did not receive my refund	i did not get my order
0	I didn't received goods but i cant open dispute	i cant call you
0	How do I stop seller sending messages?	stop sending me emails. i want to unsubscribe
0	shipping courier to Germany?	How can I choose a courier?
1	How to reset account password	How can I reset my password?
0	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	I cancelled my ordered when can I expect a refund?
0	we talk about my order bearing	Can we talk about something else
0	I have a question about a CNC machine	I have a question on refund.
0	How are you today?	how many questions did you answer today?
1	How to edit on dispute	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
0	is it possible to export a report of all my shopping?	Is it possible to combine my package to one?
0	You're saying same things. The buyer protection has ended. I didn't receive my order.	if I use my credit card will i get buyer protection?
0	i cant see it there	i cant call you
1	he seller says we have returned the money. I did not get the money.	I did not get my money
1	i cannot see my order	Why I cannot see my last orders?
0	What does it mean: Your order will be closed in?	What does awaiting delivery" mean?"
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	The product is received. Can I return it back?
1	SIR I PAY HAND TO HAND	Shall I pay on delivery?
0	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	i would like to ask regarding the buyer protection
0	I do not want the product anymore I want my money back Please send me my refund	i have not received my order and i want my money back
0	How to place the order without paying it?	will not accept debit how can I place order
1	it is not letting me sign in?	I am unable to sign in
1	please clear the cookies in your browser?	How to delete cookies?
0	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	My order was closed since the supplier account has been disabled
0	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	I was on holiday and my order was sent back to China
0	You're a robot?	Is this Real or Robot
0	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	My dispute lasts too much time. What can I do?
1	how to edit contact	How do I edit a contact name?
1	how to check if seller is reliable.	Can you check if the supplier is reliable for me?
0	sorry My credit card data	Why you charged my credit card twice?
1	Cancelled Orders is showing order list means	I have paid for my orders but the sellers have cancelled my order
0	not sure what 25cm by 33cm means	What does The supplier has partially shipped your order" means?"
1	please i have a problem	I have an account problem
0	verify the email	Cannot verify my email
1	can I speak with someone?	I would like to speak to someone live on the phone
1	respond on dispute	I cannot respond
0	so answer me"!"/!/"	Please answer me!
0	I check my bank and my money is not refund yet	My order was closed, but money was deducted from my bank account.
0	can i not give you my tracking number and you check?	How can I check if you have my right address for delivery?
0	I forgot the login account id and password, what should I do?	what should i do?
0	Why is my order cancelled?	Why my order cancelled for security?
0	OMG can you get a supervisor please?	Can you please tell me your email address
1	good night thank you	thank you bye
0	how to stop seller messages	how do i get messages?
1	Them i want to a people that speaking spanish please	i'm not speaking english
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	Can I get the email address of other buyer?
1	I filed a dispute a few days ago and the seller concluded the dispute with a refund because I had not received the item within 60 days	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
1	how to edit account	How can I edit my profile?
0	but it's written "delivery failed"	How can I read the feedback written about me?
0	how I can contact with you	How can i contact you in italiano?
0	I filed a dispute a few days ago and the seller concluded the dispute with a refund because I had not received the item within 60 days	I can not open a dispute since confirmed that I had received an order
1	I don't know English	I do not know English.
0	What is Domestic Returns	What is a lot?
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	I want to buy a product
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	I have been waiting for disputes to end. At the same time the seller says I have not paid the money.	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
0	I need to access my mobile orders on my PC	I cannot sign in to my orders
1	My question is not there	In my question cant get an answer.
0	so can't do bank payment if t	so what i have to do
0	because the platform is blocked is days	I want to order a product but supplier is blocked why
0	My Order List	How can i clear completed orders from My order list
0	in my order list "View Detail" ,last status at april 27 and no more	I am having some troubles with my last order
0	shipment was cancelled	What is partial shipment?
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	i want to make want payment from credit card
0	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	i will ask you a serious problem
0	What happen to you	what happen to my orders
0	Yes product same seller same item	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	chat now not working	The coupon is not working
0	i am not satisfied with the dispute	I am trying to open dispute but it is not going through.
0	How do I add and manage products in Shopping Cart?	Why I cannot add products in my Shopping Cart anymore?
1	ship to iran	do you ship to
1	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	My account has been deactivated. What can I do?
0	how to delete items in wish list	How many items can be in my Wish List?
1	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	Why I have not received my refund after more than 20 working days?
1	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	I think the claim result is unfair.
0	is the dispute for redemption does not work	The item does not work properly
0	i'm live in india so how much time to i get product?	How do I extend the product receipt time?
0	To click where?	I click a button, but nothing happens. Why?
0	please can you tell me about shipment to Pakistan	Can you please tell me your email address
0	I ordered a necklace 52 days ago but But it still did not come to me	I made a dispute one month ago but it is still in processing. What can I do?
0	The robot will not help me	Can you help me?
1	add new address	How do I add shipping address?
1	how to find order number?	How to find the order number?
1	Hello, my payment is not going through and I know my credit card works	My payment does not go through by credit card
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	How do I pay for an item?
0	i want to be seller	I want to report seller
0	link open a dispute	The Open Dispute button is inactive.
1	How to reset your password	How can I reset my password?
1	who can help me please?	Please ， help me Urgently
0	seller has not ship my order	Will I automatically get a refund if the seller does not ship my order?
1	I did not get the goods as described. Of course, I want to upload photos, of course, but it is not possible. I tried a video, but I can not upload it too	Why I cannot upload photo?
0	trouble logging in	I am having a trouble paying for an item
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	where can I see what I paid for?
0	and will they all be the same design	Can you send my orders all together in the same delivery?
0	how can I check order number	How can I find a product ID number?
0	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	but i cancel within minute when i raised the order	I need to cancel order but the seller refuse to cancel.
0	he seller says we have returned the money. I did not get the money.	What if the seller says he lost my order?
0	i am not receiving purchase protection order email	I cannot purchase my order
0	i cannot delete the order	I would like to delete my feedback for my last order
0	after received item I found out it is not working	what should i do after complete check out?
0	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	How do I get a refund if the product did not arrive?
1	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	this isn't helping	Why isn't there a number to speak with a live agent?
0	19/5000 I just canceled	I just placed an order
0	i was in touch with someone but i haven't heard back	I uploaded my identification and have not heard back
0	$$32.80 was taken from my account	Why all of my paid items have disappeared from my account?
1	this not help	ur no help
1	do you send payment to paypal	Do you use PayPal?
1	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	Why my account was disabled?
0	sir i have to purchase a product from you sir	Hei i have a problem with a purchase
1	How do I get coupon	I have purchase items. How do I get discount coupon?
0	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	The vendor responded he received the package back and reimburse the buyer. when I will have refund
1	how to open dispute on completed order?	How can I open dispute if order complete?
0	how to re open a dispute	How to open dispute for completed order
0	i bought something at store roy wang	i wanna ask you something
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	I wonder if you have any dispute opened for this request
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	thank you for your time
1	We are receiving an error saying that the "Bank has declined our payment"	Bank declined operation
0	Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	Can not leave message to seller
1	why ship by air took so long?	Why it take so long for the vendor to ship my Items?
0	i want to recover deleted orders	I want to cancel all my orders.
0	Are you an idiot? I need to remove or delete an appeal.	i need delete history
0	how to leave feedback	How do I change feedback?
0	Why is my order cancelled?	Why my order was cancelled for risk issue?
1	So are you not able to help?	so nobody help me
0	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
1	where is the dispute detail page	Where can I find my dispute cases?
1	How do i report the seller	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
1	How to contact the seller	How do I talk to the seller?
0	save card details	how to look the details of the product ordered
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	I want to talk to real person
1	and have not received the item yet	not received order yet
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	How do I return this item for refund?
0	done all of that	I have a dispute and the company has done nothing to resolve the problem
0	i want to cancel my credit card	trying to cancel an order that I paid by credit card but there is no option
1	we do not need remove please we need person can understand me	can we chat live?
1	talked to you yesterday about my account	can I ask you about the
1	talk with human	any human there
1	How do I exchange app coins	How do I use the coins?
0	I'll turn off the computer and try it again tomorrow. I think it's your problem. The other internet is not a problem at all....	I have problem with my computer
1	need to know how I will receive my full amount of my dispute, seller only want to give me $15,00	I want a full refund but seller will not agree
0	Shipping canceled for what reason	My order has been closed for security reason. What can I do?
0	I have been waiting for disputes to end. At the same time the seller says I have not paid the money.	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
0	can you answer my question?	can i get a real person to answer question?
0	I have made many orders with other suppliers and they have all been very serious in their work	An account already exists with the E-mail you submitted
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	I am new here
0	can I order without mobile phone?	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
1	I need to talk to the online service.	I need to speak to customer service
0	question and answer	you won't answer my question
0	i talk with saller and he say me for whait this 69 days for he resolved my question	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
0	I cannot see western union option on mac checkout page	I cannot sign in on Facebook page.
0	i receive the order after getting refund	When will I receive refund after order closed?
1	no paypal account?	Is PayPal accepted as a payment method?
1	The seller is a cheater!	Your seller is cheater
0	I have informed you 3 times	I am having trouble becoming a member, I have tried several times.
0	I have speak with one of your colleagues and they told me that they will see	I want to make one payment for your items.
0	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to clean all my order
1	how can I get sellers address	how can I get the address of seller
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	I would like to know if you accept PayPal
0	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
0	how to reply to dispute	how do i get my refund i am not getting reply to my requests
0	The deadline to open a dispute has already ended, how do I?	How do I open dispute?
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	What is China Post Air mail?
0	my account is not working	I tries to pay with my visa debit card and it is not working
1	I need contact with a real person	Can i speak to a real person?
0	Who is your boyfriend?	Do you have boyfriend?
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	How do I change price at Euro?
1	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	I mistakenly pressed the button order is finalized
0	The robot will not help me	give me your help
1	how do I change password	I do not remember the password
1	Dispute finished. Seller agreed to refund but refund not received.	a refund if the seller has accepted the dispute
1	are you human? I need help	i need a real human
0	how do i open a dispute?	How do I find the dispute detail page?
1	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	this is not helping
1	how to report a seller?	How do I report a seller?
0	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	I have already paid for my orde, but the order status has not changed
0	they sent me a note and ask me to appeal	Why it keep ask me to sign in when I make payment?
1	This is not helping.	You customer service is not helping
0	Hi, I need to know how to send the producto to argentina via UPS	Do I need to send the product back for refund?
0	What is wish list	How can I email my wish list?
1	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	I am having a problem with an item I received from you guys
1	The only way to pay for the product is with the card?	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	change order details	I want to change my order
0	I not satisfied with the dispute	I accidentally closed the dispute
0	add a friend	How to add pictures to the dispute?
1	i need to connect representative online	i need to speak to representative
0	who can give me information	talk to me
1	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I have received items how to confirm
1	the order is under the wrong email	I put the wrong email address.
0	Hello, I'v received a message for refund.	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
1	Why I cannot send message to seller?	I cannot write the message in the message center
1	seller has not ship out my order	Why the seller does not ship the order?
0	To click where?	accidentally click sellers solution
0	Why did it say that I had my ordered parcel already in my post office, but it says that it's undeliverable, what is that supposed to mean? Will I get my parcel?	Why my parcel cannot be tracked?
1	I cannot upload photo in dispute	I cannot upload documents.
0	I bought a product that was sent by China Post Registered Air Mail and the 20 days does not receive update how do I contact the service?	air mail china
0	i cant pay for my item	i cant call you
0	I want to collect the order in the cart.	i want to check the order
0	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	i want to open an after sale dispute
0	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	The orders were sent back to sellers
0	I have not received the products	i am in
0	how to block to block the seller	How to get seller coupons?
0	no i want to sell	I want you.
0	still showing refund processing	I have just paid for an order but it is still showing as awaiting payment
1	please can u give mave ur number to call	where i can get there call number
1	How to delete order?	how to delete paid order
0	how to add passport information	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	i used my debit card and i have funds available
1	how can I get sellers address	How do I get the return address?
1	customer service number	What is the customer service phone number
0	At what time should I contact you to receive help?	will i receive my order on time?
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	I have been over charged
0	how to remove card	How to remove unnecessary orders?
0	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	Do you have any information about this store?
0	when I want to pay, an old discarded card comes up. I have to enter my new card number EVERY time, and it is annoying. How can I deleted the old discarded visa card	How do I bring up old orders?
1	I want change to my contact name	I would like to change shipping address and contact name. How can I do?
0	how can I file for an appeal	How can I upload the file?
0	How do I get a coupon back	How do I get coupon?
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	Did you answer my question?
0	add credit card information	Supported credit card types
0	Do I have to have an account with your company to order a product?	The seller do not have the product i paid
0	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	My order was closed after I paid that this seller is suspect,
0	i don't have delete signed	I don't know.
0	please send me phone number because no one can help my problem	My phone number not accepted. Please help
0	How to choose shipping method	wrong shipping method
0	how to paid order?	The order was paid but then there was suspect Order
0	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
0	My app coins were not added. What can I do	Can the coins return to me if I cancel preorder?
0	because we travail from KSA to Egypt in this date please	i'm atef from egypt
1	shipping back fee	Return shipping fee
0	Add to Wish List Does not work	how I can add to wish list
0	but it's written "delivery failed"	My payment have failed
0	i am not able to see dispute option	am i able to use debit cards?
0	how to verify account	Cannot verify my email
0	I want to remove an appeal	I want to remove my card details
1	Why nobody can help?	Yes can you help
1	my shipment has been cancelled	my order has not been shipped
0	The product in Shopping Cart disappear. What can I do?	How many items I can add to Shopping Cart?
1	how to complaint	How do I file a complaint?
1	i am unable to place my order	I am trying to place an order but it says error
0	I cannot contact seller	I cannot change my contact name
1	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	Why I cannot find my order?
0	my order status is closed wahy???	Why my order is closed for No Shipment?
0	Is nobody online for helping	Why nobody process my claim?
1	Thanks for your feedback	thanks for your effort
0	Hope you can understand. Looking forward to hearing from you to confirm, thank you in advance. Best regards.	You do not understand me
1	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	How many days I will receive my order?
0	how to edit dispute?	How do I edit my phone number?
0	sir i have rupay debit card but not accept	I have pre-paid card and in the transaction is not working
0	how to open dispute	how to cancel accepted dispute
0	You're a robot?	are you there? or is a robot
1	for customs taxes	how much I need to pay for Customs duties or taxes
1	how to reset my account password	How can I reset my password?
0	I opened an order and the product ran out	Order closed by time out
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	I would like to know how I can cancel my order.
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	I don't have more questions
0	How do I use Select Coupon?	I do not know how I can use my coupon
1	Don't remember account login name and password, how to operate can I find my account name and password?	I do not remember the password
0	i forgot my password and security answer	i forgot my account but i have orders
0	exceeded number of purchase	need help with purchase
1	how to get an invoice	How do I get an invoice to pay?
0	when i log in on computer, my wishlist is not updated. It's not same as on my apps	I cannot log in to my account.
1	how to change delivery address	I ordered with wrong delivery address. How do I fix it?
1	Change Shipping address	I want to change shipping address
0	Invoice amount is not the same as for orders	Can you send my orders all together in the same delivery?
1	How do I use Select Coupon?	Why I cannot use Select Coupon?
0	what is written on judgment is in chinese and it has taken long	Why the payment taken twice?
0	You cannot help me	Could you help me please
0	which country do you live?	Which city do you love best?
0	I want to change the size	I want to choose size
0	sorry but you do not help me	Could you help me please
0	how to leave additional feedback	How do I leave feedback?
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	I submit cancellation of order request, but my seller has denied it.
0	How do I add and manage products in Shopping Cart?	How many items I can add to Shopping Cart?
1	these links are not working I need a service team	I need to speak to customer service
0	hi there, please can you tell me when my orders will be delivered?	Can you please tell me your email address
0	put order in the cart	How can I put all products in cart to have one bill to pay?
0	mY ORDER HASNT BEEN RECEIVED YET.	How do I confirm my order has been received?
1	customer service number	customer service phone number
1	Need return address for two pair of tennis shoes or exchange for one size larger	I need to return product and need a return address
0	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	How long have I been your member?
0	l paid an extra for the delivery because i need it in the short term	How can l see my message
0	can i not give you my tracking number and you check?	Can you give me china post air mail contact number to check my tracking number?
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore?	How long does it takes from I placed my order until i get an e-mail?
0	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	I confirmed that I received the product, and I made mistake. I did not received the product yet.
0	I have a questions	I don't have more questions
1	The seller refuses to refund or resend	the seller does not want to approve refund
0	My forms and documents are not going	could you tell me what is going on with my order
0	why is my dispute invalid	Why there is no answer to my dispute?
1	how to I search for a specific store name?	How can I find a store?
1	How to edit profile?	How do I edit my member profile?
1	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	i have not received my order and i want my money back
0	that does not work	my password does not work
0	The seller advertise wrong price	what to do if the seller has sent the goods in the wrong postal company?
0	i wanna know about ma order	I wanna know about Western Union process to purchase
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	i have a problem with the order
0	my What is price	What is Price Cut Notifications?
0	I have a problem with the bad seller	I have a problem.
0	is this a fucking computer?	I have problem with my computer
0	i am following up my case	Where can I pick up my purchases?
0	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	I want to know what items I bought last time
0	i need online chat	can i ask you online
0	need to know how I will receive my full amount of my dispute, seller only want to give me $15,00	Can I modify my dispute amount?
0	Where can you click?	Where are you located?
1	can not login my account	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
1	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	can i have the customer care hotline
0	how to find an order number	How do I find a supplier by his store number?
0	$$32.80 was taken from my account	The payment has been deducted from my account more than once.
0	this my order number	How to find my order number?
0	How to upload MP4 in dispute	I cannot upload the attachment
0	was my credit card billed	When will you verify my credit card?
0	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	I did not receive confirmation after my order
1	can u check this order for me?	can you tell me how i can check the order status?
0	marked order by mistake as received	Why my order is marked as confirmation timeout"?"
1	still showing refund processing	What is refund processing time?
0	Verify email address	The email address already exists
0	i submit my appeal and nothing happens	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	How long is my order arriving? Is it over? Will I have the refund?	I am waiting for the refund to be credited to my card, how long will it take?
0	Is nobody online for helping	this is not helping
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	I want my refund to another credit card
0	how to input the order in to awaiting payment using app	How do I cancel order in Awaiting Delivery?
0	I can't open dispute	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	I bought the wrong product when the money is due	The product I bought it does not work
1	how can I open dispute	How do I open an dispute?
0	I can't make my payment via Mastercard, it keep showing me 'system error'. What should I do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	awaiting for payment	I already made the payment via bolete and my status is still awaiting payment
0	i receive the order after getting refund	When will I receive refund after I open dispute?
0	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	I am trying to place an order, but when I click Buy Now button nothing happen
0	Is nobody online for helping	i AM HAVING A SERIOUS PROBLEM WITH THE COMPANY AND IT SEEMS THAT NOBODY CARES.
0	how to cancel escalated dispute	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
0	I want to remove an appeal	Can I remove a negative feedback?
1	Can american express be used?	i have a problem paying with my American Express card
0	I check my bank and my money is not refund yet	My money has been taken out from my bank but I did not get confirmation
0	unresolved refund status	how to view order status
0	did not receive my refund	I did not understand the way the money will be refund
0	what time is it in China?	What is China Post cost?
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
0	how to add evidence to dispute?	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	We are receiving an error saying that the "Bank has declined our payment"	An error has occurred processing my payment.
0	I bought a coat on April 28 forgot the email and the password I have already paid for the credit card, and I have already made the order, follow the link of the product purchased	I have already paid for my order
1	The goods I purchased do not work. I have contacted the seller direct but am getting only emojis as replies. Cannot open a dispute.	I am failed to open a dispute
0	Can you tell me if you are able to accept paypal for payments	can you tell me
1	it is not letting me sign in?	I am not allowed to sign in
0	sorry, you cannot help me	Could you help me please
0	wear do i click	If I ordered 4 items and received 2 of them, do I click confirm order?
0	Hi, I am not able to open my account	I am not able to track.
0	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	What's the weather in China?
1	I cannot use my select coupon	Why I cannot use Select Coupon?
0	i forgot my password and security answer	I forgot my password
1	talked to you yesterday about my account	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	hi, i am trying to order an item but it wont let me pay, keeps saying im not logged in	I am trying to order a dress but it is not giving me a size to choose.
0	Hello! Good night. I need your help for.. I can not issue a ticket to pay an account	I need your help with my purchase
1	i have attached all documents	I already sent the documents but no one process
0	watch for me please	Do you watch news?
0	have talked to you yesterday and was told this will be resolved within a day	I have a wonderful day.
1	I have pay with the bank	How can I pay the product by bank account?
0	Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	When can I leave feedback?
0	How to Disable automatic login to russian site	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	Hello, I've a problem with my Order. Can you help, please	Please help me to track my order.
0	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	I have a dispute order that has been closed.
0	adding a credit card	credit card fraud
0	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	When will you send my goods?
0	how to get a seller coupon	How do I get coupon?
0	How can I add paypal	How many products I can add in Shopping Cart?
0	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	Why I cannot extend processing time?
1	i need to speak with maria	I need to speak to someone please
0	Can not pay in cash?	Is there a option for cash on delivery?
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	What if I do not have an expiry date on my debit card?
0	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	How do I report a seller?
0	check on that order number i gave you please i need to understand what the outcome is	I gave you the wrong zip code. How do I correct it?
1	how do I apply for a refund	How can I do refund?
0	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	Can I get my money back when the order is cancelled?
0	I just wrote my query	I left a feedback for a company and I want to change what I wrote
0	hi, how can I add photos?	How do I get photos without the store numbers on them?
0	why cant i pay?	Why I need to pay again?
1	why my order canceled shipment	I would like to know why my order was canceled.
0	We are receiving an error saying that the "Bank has declined our payment"	Sorry, your payment was not successful. No money has been deducted. Reason: An unknown error has occurred.
0	i did this all already and i was chatting with a member of your team and they said that it would be resolved by a day or so and it still has not been resolved	How long have I been your member?
1	pay as one	How can I pay for all items at one time?
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	How can I change a size of something i ordered?
0	Hello! I have closed the dispute on may 21, 2017 and says that the refund will be made. When will be refunded the money?	When will I receive refund after order closed?
0	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	What should I do to get my refund?
0	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	From this store, How to find the product ship from USA	russia size from usa
0	Can I reopen a dispute	Can I reopen order?
0	I canceled after payment	The order was frozen right after payment
0	I can't create and sign in account. won't let me after I enter the code	I open new account and they do not let me buy things here
1	hello i have tried many times to get my money back	How do I get my money back?
0	How to open	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	for redemption says i'm out with the days	I cannot see the pictures for days.
1	how to check your order number	How to find the order number?
0	i wrote u upper!	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
0	We are receiving an error saying that the "Bank has declined our payment"	what do we need to do to correct the zip code on our order
0	Hello! Good night. I need your help for.. I can not issue a ticket to pay an account	I need your help
0	post sell claim	I only need one item, but the supplier does sell in lot
0	hello, i click in product received	I received the wrong size for my product
1	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	Why is my order not here yet
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
1	can u help me with it instead	Can you help me?
0	I did return the goods, but the seller's shop was blocked, and he does not answer what will happen to the goods? If the seller does not confirm receipt within 30 days	What does wait seller confirm account mean?
0	i do all -and cant	I want to pay all products but I do not know how.
1	It's not possible to contact customer service	how to contact customer service
0	when I pay for an order I cannot save my card details as I've forgotten my password or pass number	I want to remove my card details
1	connect me to a customer service agent	Can you give me telephone number of customer service?
0	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	i ordered product
1	how to get refund boleto	I want refund via Boleto
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	The processing time is over, and the seller has not sent the goods
1	how no phone number i been on this service for over a hour	customer service phone number
0	how to exchange app coins	How can I exchange for a different size
0	you have other mode to pay. no card	How to pay with credit card?
0	steps on how to contact seller?	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
0	i do it but not working	I am trying to order and it is not working
0	I would like to get in touch with responsible for marketing in sweden...	i would like to ask a question
0	Hi Eva! I need to delete my old credit card and register my new credit card	I want my refund to another credit card
0	hello, I have a quesion. I ordered product to New Zealand with alie express shipping est. delivery 13-20 days. One time I ordered e packet to new zealand est. delivery 20-40 days. However the e packet arrived within 12 days. Is e packet usually faster to n	How do I receive a refund by credit card after 20 working days?
1	extend buyer protection.	extend protection time
0	it is work, thanks	I'm good thanks
0	I was charged for an item I thought I purchased but never received it and can't find a trace of in on my orders	I want to track my order
0	What is coupon	I want to use this coupon, what is the code?
0	How to change shipping address	How do I change the receipt address?
0	i disputing refunds. but delete order list	I paid for items and they are not in the order list.
0	should i take the package by myself?	How many days will it take to deliver my package to UK?
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my escalated dispute?	How long is the examination of the evidence of the dispute?
0	I need tracking info	I need my number of tracking
0	hi eva. im having a problem with an order	I am having a problem with payment
0	how can I repot a fraud seller	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	please i need to file for an appeal	I need to speak to someone please
0	I would like to know about an object that I bought and that I can not access the tracking by the code	I would like to know about the Confirm Order Received button
1	Read all messages related to my order then solve my problem	please read my question
0	What is the maximum amount of time a dispute lasts?	what is the minimum amount i can order?
0	How do I cancel my credit card details	How do I receive a refund by credit card?
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	Why the Buyer protection does not work?
1	hi i need to cancel my order please and need my money refunded as soon as possible	Please cancel my order.
0	l do not want more money l want my shipment and fast for that l pay an extra the time l need to understand?	I want to extend the time the supplier need to ship my order.
0	it said: tracking details will be available in 10 days	Is this size available?
1	how to respond on the escalated dispute	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
0	i need to raise dispute	I need to know how long the dispute will be?
0	Hi i want to change my password. How can i do that?	I just want to say Hi.
0	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	How can I do an exchange?
0	Hi!! need to delete my old credit card info to register a new credit card	Somebody used my credit card.
1	Hi i have not received my order	i have been placed my order and have not received it
0	I have new email	Can I have an email address
0	my payment was failed	i have been trying to uninstall TradeManager from my computer but always failed
0	Where do I submit my drivers license and credit card information to prove who i am?	Who am I?
0	Why my package is blocking the original country?	Why express method is not supported to my country?
1	Are you able to help me	Can you help me?
0	what all doing	I has sent all documents for credit card verification. What will happen?
1	connect live chat again	how to get live chat support?
0	how to save payment method	I want to know more about payment method.
0	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	i have a problem with my order. could you help me?
0	I need to do an urgent quick shop	do I need?
0	hello seller has not refunded after 3 months of communication	Seller increased price after order
0	how to find deleted order	How to find my order number?
0	I feel like I talk with a robot and I don't like this.	i feel bad
0	can i speak with you in french?	can i speak with operator?
0	It is not about the tracking order	Is order number as the same as tracking number?
0	its not a chat now button	I am trying to place an order, but when I click Buy Now button nothing happen
1	how to use coupon	How to use coupon?
0	What are talking about?	Nice talking with you.
1	May I ask a question?	can I ask a question about an order?
1	Unable to sign in due to the code problem	I fail to sign in the account
0	how to add photo	how to add friends by TM
1	How to leave feedback in seller store	How do I leave negative feedback?
0	please help already 20 days is done but payment not get	Please help me to get my parcel
0	Question is listed above	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
1	How to place order?	How do I place an order?
0	How to place order?	Why there is no place order button?
0	my order will be return?	You cancel my order and never return my funds
1	cannot leave feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback for my order?
1	can i speak to a human please	I need to speak to someone please
1	this isn't helping	this is not helping
0	What I have to do for my seller to be able to adjust a price	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
0	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	Why can't I get my seller discount?
0	You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again.	The Email Address or Member ID that you entered is incorrect. Please try again.
1	I have problem with you guys	I have a problem with payment
1	how do i talk to service team	how do i contact service team
0	can you read?	Can I visit you
0	saying i didn't communicate	I received an email saying they froze my purchase because detected fraud
0	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	I have to return my order but I need the return address
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	how can i get dispute button back
1	ship to syria	where do you ship to?
0	seller made no response	I made ??a refund but received the order. How do I return money to the seller?
0	Hello! I want to retreive my credit card info from my account. How can I do that?	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	how to find deleted order	How can I find my order number?
0	Who will bear the shipping cost?	How do I calculate the shipping cost?
0	i ordered the item in april	Can I change size of my ordered item?
0	I pressed. Click the Confirm Order Receipt button. Before the Order is sent.	I can not find the button Confirm Order Received"
0	and then the item would disappear from my cart	When would you accept order from Washington?
0	Con tact seller	i have a dispute with the seller
0	how can I'm get my Refund	where can I get my refund details
1	how to confirm delivery	How can I confirm the delivery?
0	and I need to cancel the dispute	I need to cancel the orders that I placed.
0	I have not received my goods	i am in
0	how can i use american express	how i can use Visa
0	manage my shopping cart	Why my shopping cart got erased?
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	Can we go on a date?
0	what is dispute	What happens if a seller ignores a dispute.
0	a link should open up in my browser but it is broken and does nothing even though the little "hand" appears when hovering over	the company did not give me a refund even though I sent the product back.
0	was my credit card billed	Why you charged my credit card twice?
0	the order is under the wrong email	Whats wrong with this order
0	I cannot upload video	Why I cannot upload photo?
0	Where to see coupon page	where can I see what I paid for?
1	I cannot sign in?	Why I fail to sign in?
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	I have placed an order and i entered wrong address
1	how do i go to customer care	Why do not you have customer care number
0	may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	May I know support email?
0	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find the dispute detail page?
0	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	Is there a way to have more off prices?
0	did i not create an account when I ordered my product	How do I create my account?
0	my query is regarding my order status	My order status not changed
0	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	i email the seller already	I cannot register my email. I get an error message Email already exist
0	I want to speak with the worker	I do not speak English
0	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	I want to finish my shopping
0	how to stop receiving mails	I selected the option of receiving my order by mistake
0	I have new email	Can I have your email address
0	I am a seller	i am in
0	but need to log in to check	Need more time to check
0	I have new email	Why I have not received my confirmation email?
0	reset account password	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
1	its take too long time	Shipping too long
0	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	How do I add coupons to my order?
0	I want a job at a company	Can I change my shipping company?
1	I have a problem since one day ago	I have a problem.
0	hello, can I pay when delivered?	I need it to be delivered in 1 to 2 day. I am willing to pay for it
0	After the dispute was opened the seller reassured me that it will arrive	I opened dispute and had no feedback from seller.
0	Hi i want to ask where my sneakers are, thank you	I just want to say Hi.
1	no i want to sell	Am I able to sell things?
0	annot find a way to submit my proof of credit card info and my identification, every link is a blank page, I am overwhelmed with the feed back process that every store requires? I would be more than happy to submit my information so order verification team	I submit cancellation of order request, but my seller has denied it.
0	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	Why my order shows Frozen Orders?
1	I have 7 orders which I have not received. They have all passed their open dispute dates	I need open dispute but do not have the option
0	Can I reopen a dispute	When can I open a dispute?
0	can not login my account	How can I log out my account?
0	Hello. I reached out for customer service 3 times now.	Why I was charged 2 times?
0	what does shipment cancelled mean	What does 1 lot mean?
0	My order was stuck, so I opened a dispute. I won and got the refund, but now the item randomly arrived and I want to give the money back to the seller. What can I do?	My product is stuck and I would like to now what can I do?
0	add a friend	add TradeManager contact
1	How to i open a dispute	How do I open a dispute on a received order?
0	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Where can I find my feedback from sellers?
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	Why will I receive some emails regard my order is closed?
0	I have no visa card and debit card	i have a debit master card
0	how to find reliable seller	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	unable to find the address	Unable to enter text message
0	I do not want partial refund, I want full refund	I want to ask for a refund
0	Hi I like to know if a seller needs me to send back, how does she refund me the delivery fees plus cost of the dress as I am using Singapore registered mail?	how can i send you mail
1	add new address	Can I add my shipping address?
0	l ordered from spain to spain now they send the order from china?	should i pay tax if i order from china
1	my card has been used by someone	Somebody used my credit card.
1	is there a phone number i may call?	i need a contact phone number
1	Hello. I am trying to use a discount code and it is not allowing me to input the code	How to use promotion code?
0	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	I want to request partial refund but I have not received the goods.
0	who will reimbursement seller on aliexpress	Who is the seller?
1	whar do you think l do and why do not spanish that are the ones that have to attend eh? l'm tryng	do you speak spanish?
0	I think I just ordered twice? same thing by mistake	I just ordered something but I want to change the name for the receiver
0	but I would like to know if it's possible for me to get samples or pay for samples of some of the products before I buy large quantities	I want to pay my products with PayPal. Is it possible?
0	I have an issue	How can I solve my coupon issue?
0	i don't receive my order	I don't know how to use it.
0	how reward points will be added	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	Can I call Customer service	what number can i call for customer service here in the US?
0	What is buyers protection	new buyers guide
0	I'd like to know about extra fee. What is it? How can I use?	I would like to know about this order
0	I paid this shoes I HAVEN'T NEVER RECEIVE	How do I receive the refund if I paid via WebMoney?
1	verify the email	How can i verify my address?
1	how to leave feedback to the seller	How do I leave feedback?
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	Why I got an email saying it got canceled?
0	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	Can you change my page to English please
0	Could you please connect me with a real person?	could you answer me in English please?
0	I opened an order and the product ran out	how do I file a dispute after I received my goods and time ran out
0	The chat does not work	The item does not work properly
0	But the product is requested	I want to search the product
1	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	How do I delete My order list?
0	The payment was by ticket	Is payment safe?
0	i have activated my secure card 3d	What if I do not have an expiry date on my debit card?
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	How do I find past order?
0	I want to do shopping how to buy	Do all purchases come together?
0	because we travail from KSA to Egypt in this date please	Can we go on a date?
0	how to report your seller	How to report IPR Infringement?
0	The chat button is not working	The coupon is not working
1	would like to talk to a person	i want to talk to a person
0	How do I get a coupon back	How do I get a coupon
0	HI, Anyone there can answer my question? thanks	Can anyone be a member?
1	i want to return	I want to return the item
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	I need to open a dispute	When can I open a dispute?
0	you can't help me you are a computer	can you help me?
0	My orders are getting canceled..	I tried using my card to pay but it keeps getting declined.
0	How to response the proposal in my dispute case	How can I reopen a dispute case?
1	how can I leave a feedback	How do I leave negative feedback?
0	the chat button does not work	Why does not TradeManager work?
0	western union need copy of official reciepe before i pay my items can you please send me the copy	I has sent you a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What will happen?
0	I canceling order i made by an mistake	I made mistake on seller ratings. What can I do?
0	where is my product	Where can I get a refund for a defective product?
1	May I speak with a Human please?	i need to speak with a human
1	how to use seller coupon?	How do I use seller coupon?
0	can u trace for me right now	can u please help me?
0	Yes product same seller same item	Can I buy 2 products from different seller in the same shipment?
0	I can not take your tablet. I need to bill the tablet.	I need your help Anna
1	how can I leave a feedback	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	How change post code	How to use promotion code?
1	do you send payment to paypal	Can we send payment with paypal?
1	this is online chat?	is this chat online?
0	how to feedback	How do I change feedback?
0	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	Why was the dispute case closed without informing me?
1	why ship by air took so long?	why does it take so long to ship
0	how to file a complaint	How long is the complaint period?
0	how to add evidence to dispute?	How long is the examination of the evidence of the dispute?
0	I have an issue	I received an email with notice that seller is suspected of fraud issue.
0	question and answer	when can i get the answer of my question
0	how can i change my credit card details	How can I find the details for my order?
1	My Order List	My order list is lost
0	Question about selling	I have a question about a dispute
0	I wanna see my tracking details	I wanna know the status of my case
0	this is my order ID	How do I know my ID?
1	what is dispute	What is the situation with my dispute?
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change my country?
0	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	How do I open a dispute on a received order?
1	how do I apply for a refund	How do I request a refund?
0	I finished dispute	I cancel a dispute, can I reopen dispute?
0	how i can verified my account	How can I deposit my refund into my another account?
0	how to block messages	I cannot buy any product they block me
0	Im interested in purchasing 7 chinese wall lights need little more information	I wish more information about sending my order
0	how to find order number?	How can I find my tracking number?
0	and have not received the item yet	I already made payment but not yet received email confirmation
0	why my orders can not be verified?	Why is my payment being verified again while it has been confirmed?
0	put order in the cart	i accidently put extended time on my order, how do i cancel it
0	i have a credit card appeal	I have some extra charge on my credit card
0	Where can you click?	I made an order from you. Where can I find my invoice?
0	how to place order without paying	Can I get goods without paying taxes?
1	for customs taxes	Do I have to pay taxes to us customs
0	how to use store coupon	How to use a coupon in order?
1	Are you able to help me?	Could you please help me?
0	this is my pleasure	this is my order
1	i hate you eva	I hate robots
1	Can I be connected to a live operator, please.	Can I communicate with a live person
0	I have new email	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	When can I get full refund?
0	so i waited for 2weeks	I am so happy today.
0	I need an assistance with my order	I need to cancel my duplicated order
0	I wanted to know more or less the day my products arrived?	I want to know more about product specifications.
0	i can't find it	you cant help me
0	Dispute in Progress means	How do I check the progress of a shipment?
0	Cancelled Orders what is meaning	I have orders cancelled for a suspicious seller
0	saying i didn't communicate	Why I got an email saying it got canceled?
1	i need to talk to human being please	may i talk with human?
0	hi, i see this link but i have question.	i received my verification email but it did not have the link in it
1	I ordered a necklace 52 days ago but But it still did not come to me	I order a thing 2 months ago but i still did not get it
0	Unable to upload image in the dispute	I am unable to sign in
0	Eva please check my problem resolution state?	Please cancel my order.
1	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	My order was sent to the wrong address, what to do?
0	you hopeless piece of shit	What does Piece mean?
0	How can I find sellers feedback in me, in the app (android)	How do I find previous products or sellers?
0	I want to remove an appeal	i cannot remove an order i do not want.
0	The seller doesn't respond to me. What should I do?	How do I respond to the seller message?
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	i want live contact now
1	you can help m	can you help me?
1	I ordered tea bags in November	i ordered product
0	this is getting no where	Need to pay for my order, keep getting an error msg.
1	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	I want to know if this order has been placed
1	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	My shipping address had the wrong name.
0	How to get reward points	I did not get points, what can I do?
0	returning a defective item	Who will pay for the returning shipping charges if it is due to the supplier's fault?
0	i need to raise dispute	I cannot open a dispute. I need your help.
0	What to do	what do you like?
0	how to re open a dispute	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
0	I brought a wig and they said they done have the inches I put in for now need my money back put they done want send me my money	i have done that
0	What is this?	what to say
1	How can i pay for my purchase?	How can I pay for my order?
0	how to find deleted order	How can I find the details for my order?
1	Hello, my payment is not going through and I know my credit card works	I am trying to make my payment on my credit card
0	how I can contact with the factory person?	can I get a person?
0	save credit card	How much is credit card commission?
1	how do i upload a photo?	I cannot upload the attachment
0	i cant see it there	i cant speak english
0	Do you actually have any other answer for me	do you have any e mail address
1	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	How can I unsubscribe from mailing?
0	Unable to upload image in the dispute	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	and its cost me in my health already	I want to save shipping cost by sending my packages together. Is that possible?
0	I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I paid for my order but did not come
0	i cant log in. i created my purchase with the wrong email address.	I cannot log in my account, there is no field to write my email and password
0	has nothing to do w my order	How do I know that my order has been sent?
1	How do I exchange coins for coupon	How do I use the coins?
1	items in one package	Could you send me all orders in one package?
1	how to find good seller?	How to select good supplier?
0	but there is no email address to send?	when they sent the items for me
1	can I change size	Can I change size I choose before?
1	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	Why do not you have customer care number
0	Can you see where it is	Where can i see response from supplier?
0	Extend delivery time	Can I extend processing time?
0	adding a credit card	Somebody used my credit card.
0	i received an item today that I have been issued a refund. how can I pay now?	How do I pay for an item?
0	how to open dispute for completed orders	How can i clear completed orders from My order list
0	but there is no email address to send?	I was told that I was sent an email but I do not know where it is
0	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	How do I request a refund?
1	I need to talk to the online service.	i need a number for customer service
1	how to contact customer service.	send me a customer service email contact
0	I cannot upload a video	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	You have cancelled the order because it is a suspicious seller
0	I cant open dispute because it's delivered	i cant speak english
1	ship to iran	Do you ship to Brazil?
0	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	I paid for an order but I cannot see it in my order summary
0	how do I get the order number	How to get the tracking number?
0	Where can you send me the address	Would you send me your TT account?
0	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	i cannot see my order	I cannot see the picture
0	were in my elemnt i purchase	I cannot purchase my order
1	It is possible?	Is it possible to change the size of order?
1	How can I confirm delivery once I have received my order	How do I confirm my order has been received?
0	how do i talk to service team	How do I talk to the seller?
0	i have paid for my product	I have paid seller offline
0	I canceled my order without giving cargo but could you help my param still not getting into the account?	When I placed my order the card kept getting rejected
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	I paid with my credit card twice for the same product. What can I do?
0	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	What will happen after I open dispute?
1	i want to contact the customer management team	How do I contact service team?
0	how to add additional feedback in mobile	How to make additional payment for my order?
1	How do I manage my shopping cart	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
1	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	How can I change my shipping address?
1	how do I report a fraud seller	How do I report a seller?
0	Can i introduce a friend?	I need a girl friend.
0	i have question about New black Mini USB Wifi Adapter Pocket Network Wireless Router 2nd Soft AP Portable	please i have a question
0	I want to be a dropshipper	I want to call you
0	how to open dispute in app	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	i am not received my order	I am unavailable to place my order
1	Verify email address	How to verify my email address?
1	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	my ordered was delivered to the wrong address
0	i'm having a problem with appeal	I am having problem with a merchant.
0	FEW MINTS I GIVE ORDER BUT I GIVE MONEY HAND TO HAND	I placed an order but did not give me any tracking number
0	how to place order without paying	I have a coupon, I do not know how to use when paying new order
0	how to file payment appeal?	How do I file a complaint?
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	I do not want the product anymore.
1	i want to be connected with a real person	can I speak with a real person?
0	How to register an account	what happens if i forget my register account?
0	Hi I can not pay	I just want to say Hi.
0	Hi! How fast can you ship to Norway?	You reply very fast.
0	I have speak with one of your colleagues and they told me that they will see	i have problem in one of your product
0	I have not received the shipment	I have a problem with my shipment
0	Bring money for back order	Do they bring my order to the door?
0	is your site secure	My credit cards was used fraudulently on your site
0	I have questions about details of a product	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
0	Registration email is not working	My address is not working
0	i have activated my secure card 3d	What is 3D secure code?
0	i do all -and cant	How do I pay it all at once?
0	did you even give a answer	the seller does not give me answer my request.
0	I want to pay,	I want to pay for preorder
0	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	How can I change the address on my order?
0	good day I made a purchase 6 months ago and did not arrive the seller says he had problems with customs. but it has not solved me neither the refund nor the product I need help since he does not answer me	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
1	how can I open dispute	How do I open dispute?
1	How do I add and manage products in Shopping Cart?	How do I add to the shopping cart?
0	My credit data has to be updated. How should I do it? can you guide me to do that please	I do not own a credit card. How can i make the payment??
0	Walle, How can you type so fast	When will you resolve the dispute so I can get my refund?
0	I have made many orders with other suppliers and they have all been very serious in their work	You have entered incorrect e-mail
0	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	this is english...	You speak english only?
0	I marked order received by mistake	My article has already been paid but it is marked as unpaid.
0	I want full refund of products	I want to sell your products
0	i need help to login	I need your help
0	Why can't I place an order	I cannot place my order from Washington.
1	i need online chat	can i chat with an agent online
0	this is english...	i'm not speaking english
1	and l do not know english and the translator is not going	do you speak english?
1	how can i trust seller	Can we trust this company listed on the website?
0	when I am not log in to my account, i can view the info page	I cannot log in and it says my account was deactivated
0	You refused my dispute on a product, while I sent the requested photos to the seller. How to challenge this decision?	Why you refused my order?
0	No "start chatting"	How do I start using TradeManager?
0	I cannot response to claim	I sent a query but no response
0	how to input the order in to awaiting payment using app	How can I pay for my order using PayPal?
1	how do I get discount from the seller	How to get discount products?
0	we talk about my order bearing	The seller does not answer me about my order
1	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	I cannot find my order
0	how to use buyer protection	if I use my credit card will i get buyer protection?
0	I marked order received by mistake	I cannot place an order.
0	I can not find Manage Feedback in the app	How can I change a feedback?
1	Hi, I am having trouble with my payment	I am having a trouble paying for an item
0	password retrieval process	I cannot restore password
0	i have contacted the seller several times and even this morning and they are not helping me out	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
0	I have a question about the plugins to display products on my website	I have a question about a dispute
0	I will ask something	I wanted to ask if I order something how long it usually takes
0	How to return back the item	My item was shipped back. How do I get it now?
1	shipping courier to Germany?	my items can be shipped to address courier?
0	And seller don't give my money back	How can I get back my money?
0	you didn't understand me	You confused me.
1	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	Do I have to pay taxes to us customs
1	Hello, Is there a location where I can find the invoices of my purchases?	Where can I find the commercial invoice?
0	how to find the seller	how to find discount product
1	The seller is not refunding me	the seller is not responsible or ignores me
1	Sorry for my english. I speak french.	i cant speak english
0	hello, i click in product received	If I ordered 4 items and received 2 of them, do I click confirm order?
0	but there is no email address to send?	I am unable to respond to an email sent from my seller?
0	How to add a card to my account	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	Do you have a representative in Saudi Arabia?	Do you have boyfriend?
1	No speak english	do you speak english?
1	where i can ask? because i want to know how can i use that money... it is too low to return back to me	How can I get back my money?
1	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	i wanna delete all in my order list
0	i did not receive the products	I did not receive confirmation after my order
0	i will visit China	I want to ship to China
0	change card details refund	I need to change my credit card details.
0	i cant see it there	i will come to see you tomorrow
0	how to find a good seller?	Can you tell me if this seller is good or not?
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	How can I cancel this order and get the funds returned?
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	I want to change my shipping to a free shipping
0	ok but we don't requested the our goods in your mentioned period	ok no problem
0	I can not evaluate the seller	How can I change dispute if seller agreed?
0	from where are your products coming?	The taxes we pay are too high for importing products from your site
1	I want change to my contact name	I want to change my name
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	Your not really giving me the information that I need
1	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	I have shipped back my items and have not received my money back
0	ok but I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	ok no problem
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	I need to change my credit card details.
0	is your site secure	When I registered on your site?
1	how to retrieve password	How can I get my password back?
0	after open dispute	The Open Dispute button is inactive.
0	There is no button to click	I click a button, but nothing happens. Why?
0	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	Can I register an account for free?
0	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	Could you please help me?
0	How do I register a business account	if I cannot register an account, what can I do
0	where can I find "EDIT member profile"?	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
1	Add to Wish List Does not work	Why it does not add products to wish list?
0	AND THAT I GOT A LANTERN BUT THE SELLER DOES NOT MEET MY MESSAGE!	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
1	steps on how to contact seller?	How do I contact seller?
1	can i talk to a customer service team	How do I contact service team?
0	how to check order number	How do I add a PO number to my order,
0	how to find deleted order	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
1	Eva are you for real, like a real person or a robot.	are you real?
0	I can't log in,i forgot my password and I can't find the verification code in my email,I tried a few ties already	I can't submit evidence to my case
1	No speak english	I do not speak English
0	So where can I FOUND COUPONS I EXCHANGED? WHERE ARE THEY?	The tracking code is incorrect so I cannot know where my order is.
0	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	Please take me off your email list
0	how do I get my order number	How do I edit my phone number?
0	I can not make a dispute	Can I make payments with PayPal?
1	Iam seeing no where to contact customer service	Customer service email
0	how can i add my product for sale	How do I pay for pre-sale order?
0	refund and return	return the money
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	I got ripped off
0	what does shipment cancelled mean	What does sold by piece mean?
0	how do i place order?	How do I cancel Frozen Order?
0	I have new email	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	I placed duplicated order
1	Can I talk with a REAL person?	I want to talk to real person
0	regarding my order	i need to speak to someone right now regarding my money
0	how can i trust seller	How can I change dispute if seller agreed?
0	where to find order number	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
0	how do I confirm goods?	How do I change a feedback on the seller and the goods?
0	can I order without mobile phone?	is there a phone no i can call
0	need to have a developer account via API	I have paid for my Order via credit card. but shows that I have not paid.
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	I would like to pay in Euro
0	upload evidence video	i cannot upload a photo
1	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	the system is busy
0	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	What if the package lost?
1	It is possible?	Is it possible to have an invoice of purchased order?
0	Forgot login how to restore?	I have login problem
0	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	I have opened case more than 3 months ago. Why if in has not resolved yet?
1	Can u please talk to me	can u please help me?
0	I submitted the appeal and it was disputed successfully	What is You have Orders which were not placed successfully?
1	how to cancel your account	how to cancel my account
0	why is my order been cancelled?	Why my order has not been paid?
1	i need call with you	Can I call you guys
0	when i received the order it was twenty days wrong color	I made a wrong order
0	why my order was cancelled?	Why my order cancelled for security?
0	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	Hi. My dispute status is: Status: "Awaiting seller's receipt confirmation" and it is 7 days given for the seller to confirm the reception. Those 7 days have already passed but i have no refund for this dispute	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	my account does not allow me to place orders until I validate my account VIA appeal form	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	the order just never gets processed	the seller never sent my order
0	i havent received my goods	I have not received by goods. seized by Customs
0	Ok thank you the last question are you Spanish women	thank you for your time
1	I need a real person, please	I need a real person
0	I have received products I didn't order. I did order from another company which do not seem to be connected to you	I did not receive my order
1	change card information	I want to change the card data
1	is there a phone number i may call?	i want a phone number to call
0	this is my pleasure	my name is
0	why coins not added	Apply for compensation (COINS)
0	Visa credit card	I am trying to pay with a Visa credit card but it keeps saying payment failed
0	Why can't I order?	Why the order can not be shipped in my country?
0	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	I have no money back for the order
0	hi i need to cancel my order please and need my money refunded as soon as possible	I need to receive merchandise soon.
0	how to reset my password	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	nice to meet you too	Have a nice day.
0	but I can not make purchases with the repayment money	Where is Jack Ma?
0	please answer me	The seller is not answer me
0	It was not bank transfer	How much is Bank Transfer fee?
0	Hi I want to buy something but seller have to adjust price, my system goes automatically and does not allow for seller to adjust please help	Will I automatically get a refund if the seller does not ship my order?
0	Several times I make this same complaint, I already went to the bank and there is no refund, the last time I was offered to check, but I have not had an answer	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
0	i need to speak with someone	I need some information
1	It's not possible to contact customer service	customer service phone number
0	now haven't received payment returned	How can I make a payment now?
0	How can i get the nacional tracking code for my product?	Where can I get Master Secure Code?
0	refund in Mercado pago?	coupon is not Returned for refund is delayed
0	i need online chat	How do I buy online securely?
1	I need change may email because I don't localize my email and I need to buy	I need change my email address.
1	Looking for suppliers	I am looking for suppliers
0	##I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them	I have place many orders pending of payment. I want to pay all of them together.
0	how do I cancel dispute?	How do I cancel my order?
0	I want to charge the fee.	I will pay the purchase fee through PayPal
0	are you bot	You are smart.
0	my demand in not including anything you or your system wrote	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
0	How do I stop seller sending messages?	What can I do about a seller sending me inappropriate vulgar messages.
0	that was automatic answer	you never have an answer
0	Have all of my orders been paid for? I got confirmation emails saying they were paid but when I click on the order it says it was cancelled due to security reasons. How many of the items in my order list are paid and how many are cancelled. Can I talk to s	I have not got any confirmation after I paid for my order
1	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I want to confirm that I have received my order
0	I have registered with an incorrect email address	I registered on your site but did not get any coupon
1	no paypal account?	Can I use my PayPal account for payment?
0	hi there, I need help	I need help in Russian
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	I have a debit card and I do not have an expiry date
1	i need shipping company	Can I choose shipping company?
0	i have paid for my product	I have a question on purchasing this product.
0	how can i email	How can I email my wish list?
0	How to edit my phone number	Why my phone number is not accepted?
0	no order found	on your site I have not found this product, can you help me find him?
0	no order found	I found the same product cheaper. Can I cancel my order?
0	HOW TO REMOVE MY CARD	How to remove unnecessary orders?
0	I don't have my two orders. The tracking says delivery failed. I want refund.	I mistakenly placed two orders
0	also I can't open other pages with such goods	Can I contact other buyers?
1	I produced the video of the second faulty flashlight	How to add video?
0	i give them time to do something	How do I extend the product receipt time?
0	I have a problem since one day ago	I have opened dispute one month ago and I am still waiting for your response.
0	I just want to know if my order has been sent	I want to know if this order has been placed
0	i log in to webpage and i get this message :We have noticed an unusual activity in your account. This might be because you tried to sign in from another location or device. To protect your account we have temporarily locked it. To regain access, please pro	we have not reached an agreement
0	I canceling order i made by an mistake	How do I recover an order deleted by mistake?
0	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	How to solve my logistics problem?
0	question and answer	can i get a real person to answer question?
0	I want to close a dispute	I do not want to close my account
1	how to confirm order	How do I confirm my order has been received?
0	I have new mail	Can I have your mail address?
0	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	Can I show my photo to you?
0	Has it shipped?	my order has not been shipped
0	also I can't open other pages with such goods	Can I see wish list of other people?
0	please i need to file for an appeal	i need a live representative please
0	I DON'T GET MY ORDER	Why don't i get coupons???
0	I could not pay for my order and I've already supplied an appeal and it was approved	I've placed a order
0	contacting the seller	Seller is not liable.
0	Shipping canceled for what reason	What if the Shipping takes too long?
0	My products from the above order did not arrive, how do I?	How do I protect my money if the item does not arrive?
0	I have been using American express until it was expired.	Until now I still have not reached my order
0	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	I was told that I was going to get a full refund but they only refunded me $10
0	how contact the seller	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	how to response in my dispute case	What is the solution of my case?
0	What is the maximum amount of time a dispute lasts?	What are time frames for opening dispute?
0	i dont want to cancel	I want to cancel an order.
0	Ryley knows my problem	The seller knows my email. What can I do?
0	can you ship out with 1 days shipping?	Can you ship to my country?
0	my order is not moving	Why my order was disappeared?
0	when will my order be placed	i have been placed my order and have not received it
0	So please delete my new account.	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	how do I cancel dispute	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
0	i cancel the pre order	How do I pay for pre-sale order?
0	check out page	page in maintenance
0	also I can't open other pages with such goods	Can I contact you by other ways?
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	How can I add my shipping address?
0	what is written on judgment is in chinese and it has taken long	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	How do I open a dispute on a received order?
1	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	can I speak with a real person?
0	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	Why I cannot see my feedback?
0	where I can see my coupon page?	Where I can see the number of my order tracker?
1	do you speak spanish?	do you speak russian
1	how to edit shipping address	How can I edit my shipment address?
1	I cannot upload photo in dispute	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
1	can I change size	I need to change the size
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	why my order is freeze
0	Where I can find an information for a refused dispute	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
0	how do i use select coupon	cannot use Select Coupon
1	Why can't I place an order	Why did I fail to place an order?
0	Who will bear the shipping cost?	How do I pay the shipping cost?
0	There is a problem with the system	After check system
0	can i order on company name?	How can I find a specific company?
0	Cancelled Orders Finished means	removing finished orders
1	talk to someone	It's hard to talk to a machine. I want to talk to someone.
0	i will ask another help	Why you ask for another payment when I have already made payment?
1	How do I use a coupon or discount	I do not know how I can use my coupon
1	delete order history	how to delete off your order
0	Are you married?	are you there
0	how do i set shipping address?	Why I failed to set my shipping address
1	you didn't understand me	you cant help me
0	i am in mexico, do i need an permission to receive my orden?	I do not receive my confirmation email. What can I do?
1	how to return item	How do I return a item shipped by the seller?
1	If I order a shipping free product, do i need to pay for custom duty in my country??	do i have to pay duty for products
0	For example this store, How to find the item ship from USA	how can I find the address of a store?
0	I have not received my goods	I have not received my money.
0	The wireless charger l received is faulty and doesn't charge	do you charge for customs
1	the payment write For security reasons this process can not be continued.	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
1	How to return back the item	I want to return the product back
0	what is a buyer protection?	What if a seller advertise Buyer Protection and then refuse to use it?
0	No received email confirmed	You have entered incorrect e-mail
0	Good morning, I would like to know how to be an affiliate and sell the products	I would like to know what with my order?
1	is there a phone number i may call?	I need a number to call to talk to someone
0	i receive the order after getting refund	I want to cancel the order and receive a refund.
1	I have my credit card with you for instant pay,	How do I pay with my credit card?
1	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	my name is
1	Why is my order cancelled?	Why my order is cancelled?
0	I do not have the order number only the ticket	so what i have to do
0	hi, How to resume the dispute? i am travelled and dispute was closed	I am unable to open a dispute
0	how do i reset password?	I want to reset my password have not got the email
0	because the platform is blocked is days	Why the promotion starts 2 days?
1	How do I use Select Coupon?	How do I use Select Coupon?
0	HI,I MAKE A ORDER AND I CAN'T TO PAY ,ALWAYS I HAVE THE SAME MASSAGE	I found the same product cheaper. Can I cancel my order?
0	Can you tell me when will I order my order Me 2017-05-22 12:05 hello I have already written twice that you have not received my order. And you have cheated twice	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
1	can you ck only order?	can you help me with the status of order
0	i have question about New black Mini USB Wifi Adapter Pocket Network Wireless Router 2nd Soft AP Portable	I have a question about a dispute
0	you didn't understand me	do you like me
0	how to fi	How to check saved stores?
1	I need to open a dispute	I need open a dispute
0	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	Has payment for this order been received?
0	Dear friend, Thanks for your message and order. When we are arranging to refund to you, and the system showed you opened the dispute, so we could not refund to you. Please don't worry. We will not let you lose your money. Could you please cancel the di	We reached an agreement, please return my money
1	how to get an invoice	How can I get an invoice?
0	I already did this is nothing.	What if I already paid?
0	Are you able to help me	you can not help me
0	i have activated my secure card 3d	How can I confirm my transaction is secure?
0	I talked to the saller	I was told that I was sent an email but I do not know where it is
0	A couple of weeks ago I searched for NASA shirts in the store, back then it had many results. But now it has no results. How can I find those products again?	How many products can I add to Wish List?
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	Why I cannot make the payment with credit card?
0	cancel awaiting for payment	How do I cancel order in Awaiting Delivery?
1	Is not there a human to attend to?	i want to get human
0	Payment failed Reason: The service is currently unavailable. Suggestion: You may choose another card or payment method to continue your payment.	Do you have PayPal as payment method?
1	I gave up buying a product but I want information that is not paid back	I want money back
1	I have been asking for help for 30 minutes. Please put your boss on?	i want your boss
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	I want to cancel the order. There is mistake.
0	i do it but not working	Do you have a working phone?
0	Why can't I order?	Why can't I place an order via WebMoney??
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
1	how do i talk to service team	How do I talk with a salesman?
0	when I want to pay, an old discarded card comes up. I have to enter my new card number EVERY time, and it is annoying. How can I deleted the old discarded visa card	Can I pay with ATM Visa card?
0	done all of that	no help at all
0	The only way to pay for the product is with the card?	I cannot find a way to pay with PayPal
1	What are you doing	how are you doing!
1	will all item be shipped together	Are orders come all together?
0	i need to locate a store	I cannot locate my goods using the tracking number
1	im trying to figure out why order was cancelled	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	When can I open a dispute?
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	What is symbol for a verified seller?
0	i give them time to do something	How do I get photos without the store numbers on them?
0	The products received are not what I have agreed	I am Brazilian and can I to buy what I want?
0	how to open dispute	how to withdraw escalated dispute?
0	What I have to do for my seller to be able to adjust a price	The seller knows my email. What can I do?
0	i sent a request but nothing came through	My order came but color different from that I ordered.
0	How to change shipping address	How do I set up shipping address?
0	I want for the seller to adjust the price with no shipping but I need the order in hold for them to fixed	I am buying from different suppliers but need them together
1	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	How can i contact a customer support in person via phone?
0	yes, I keep trying to pay but it wont work	i have a coupon but checkout wont apply.
0	I can't open dispute. Time is over	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	How can I put the name of my street address?	How can I change my email? I put a wrong email.
0	I want to buy the cards in my shopping cart. How can I get you to print my instructions on them please?	how can i print the invoice for my order
0	Is that Phone free?	is shipping free
0	how to file a complaint	how do I close a complaint
0	should i take the package by myself?	How long it will take to get my package?
0	what is written on judgment is in chinese and it has taken long	What if the Shipping takes too long?
0	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	Why my order status says awaiting your payment?
1	talk with human	i need to speak with a human
0	I have a problem with the bad seller	I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them.
0	how to add additional feedback in mobile	how to add friends by TM
1	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	I am trying to place an order but it says error
0	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	it's about my order
0	package description should not be mentioned	What if the package lost?
0	How do I use Warranty Service?	how do i contact customer service
1	How can I contact customer service	how do i contact customer service
0	Hello! I want to retreive my credit card info from my account. How can I do that?	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
0	You people are not treating me right	You confused me.
0	I cannot response to claim	I want to make a claim
0	So are you not able to help?	You are so clever.
0	Can I pay to an account? maybe they can give it to me	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	its less than 20	Can I pay for 20 items?
1	can you see my question?	Can I put you a question?
0	It was not bank transfer	What is bank transfer related Information?
1	Payment failed Reason: The service is currently unavailable. Suggestion: You may choose another card or payment method to continue your payment.	My payment have failed
0	how to respond dispute	how to check dispute reason
0	There is no button to click	Why nothing happens when you click the button?
0	order list pages	i wanna delete all in my order list
0	who will reimbursement seller on aliexpress	seller who refuses to answer to my emails
0	no i want to sell	I want to call you
1	The payment was by ticket	I was deducted on payment, and the payment was not reflected on the order
0	add credit card information	My credit card is overcharged
1	I have an account and I can not reconnect and I want to place an order and have an invoice	I have an account problem
0	I speak slowly because I use google translate	i Want To Speak to The manager
0	where is this Appeal button?	The Open Dispute button is inactive.
1	I forgot the login account id and password, what should I do?	I forgot my password
0	I can`t see my order	my order can't go through
1	can I speak with someone?	Is there a number I can call to speak to someone live?
1	how to open a dispute'	How do I open an dispute?
0	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	I need the dress before my wedding
0	What is wish list	add to wish list
1	are you computer?	Is this a computer or a real person?
0	restore order list	How can i clear completed orders from My order list
0	how to response in my dispute case	what is my case number?
1	how do I place order	How do I place an order?
0	How to see the warranty	How can I see my payment record?
0	SIR I PAY HAND TO HAND	The parcel is on the hand of the customs, how can I make the clearance?
0	i am fine	I am angry
0	I made the payment first.	Why it was closed after I made the payment?
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	I have not received my orders so I escalated it and it is been forever.
0	i dont remember which one i used	you dont get what i say to you
0	and I have not received any mail in the past 24 hrs	when a seller does not answer my mail what do i have to do
0	a colleague said he would be restored	What if the seller says he lost my order?
0	how i can verified my account	How can I cancel the verified payment?
0	Where I can find the feedback from the seller?	Can I find verified seller?
0	My account has the problem	i have problem with my shipping problem
0	urge seller to ship the ite,	Will I automatically get a refund if the seller does not ship my order?
0	My refund is not at the correct price. What should I do?	what should i do next?
0	this my order number	How to get my order number?
0	I brought something and they done have it, so I need my refund	I need help on something
0	i need to raise dispute	Do I need to return the package if I open a dispute?
1	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	my package has been to a wrong shipping address due to supplier's fault?
0	why is my order showing shipment cancelled?	Why the order is not showing on my account?
0	How to find seller is reliable	How to find a table of sizes
0	HI see my message i sent you a minute ago	How can I see message?
1	EVA I WANT TO TALK TO HUMAN	I want to get human
0	Where can I use my refund?	I can not use my coupons
1	i cannot use select coupon	Why I cannot use Select Coupon?
0	I have a question about taxes	I have question for you
0	how to make an appeal	How does the payment make?
0	need to know how I will receive my full amount of my dispute, seller only want to give me $15,00	i want to know how my order is?
0	THE SYSTEM SAID DELIVERY FAILED	The seller said that the goods lost.
1	No speak english	I not speak english
0	how to leave feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	how to get the order number	how fast i can get my order.
0	Hello, i'm from Poland	hello from spain
0	how do i delete my orders under my account	How to delete my account?
1	it showed failed to log page	I cannot log in
1	how to use paypal	Can I use PayPal? There is no option on payment selection
1	how to get an invoice	I want to get a invoice for my product.
0	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	Why I had an order canceled?
0	and will they all be the same design	no help at all
0	trouble logging in	I am having a trouble with my payment going through
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	I want to about Credit Card Refund
0	may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	I do not know when the status Was suspicious order
1	i have a problem with the seller	I have a problem with a bad seller
0	can you send goods to iran?	how can i send you mail
0	can not login my account	can i change my buyer account to an seller account?
0	I have a problem since one day ago	I made a dispute one month ago but it is still in processing. What can I do?
0	How can I send back the jacket I bought to change the size	how can I find what I recently bought from you?
0	How to Disable automatic login to russian site	How do I get login ID?
0	how to confirm a order	Why the deadline for confirm order received changed?
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	How can you don't know?
0	Didnt say anything about email	I have not received anything
0	fabric on children's clothes	Do you wear clothes?
0	I try now	I try to pay with my coupon but it is expired!
0	how do I extend buyer protection?	How do I pay securely without Buyer Protection?
0	How are you today?	How long to get an order that is placed today
0	i talk with saller and he say me for whait this 69 days for he resolved my question	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
1	my order status is closed wahy???	Why my order is closed?
0	manage my shopping cart	I cannot find some of the items I put in my shopping cart
0	contact the seller?	The product is not good and cannot contact the seller
0	I placed an order and a dispute was opened and still haven't got my refund for over a month now.	I have opened dispute one month ago and I am still waiting for your response.
0	Don't bother helping. This is not helping.	i dont speak english
0	no, you need cancel my email for me to buy again	I need cancel my order
0	I did not but anything	I can not order anything now
0	The shipment did not arrive	How do I get a refund if the product did not arrive?
0	How long is my order arriving? Is it over? Will I have the refund?	I have not received a partial refund of my order
0	Im not happy about dispute results	Im having problems with this order
0	i'm live in india so how much time to i get product?	Is there any tax if I want my product in India?
0	awaiting for payment	I made a payment for the item but the system shows Awaiting Payment?
0	really so I have to stay online for yet another half hour?	I have posted a number of questions to suppliers, no answer yet
1	you can help m	can you help me with
0	how to submit a feedback	How to report feedback abuse?
0	##I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them	I have a problem with a bad seller
0	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	I want to revise refund request
0	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	the product has been returned to the seller. When can I get my money
0	the wedding gown i bought was too big for the bride, despite the fact that i put the size to follow	How do I buy wedding dress?
0	after open dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	How can i get an order receipt or invoice?	How do I get my invoice?
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	I am trying to pay with a visa card and it is not allowing me to pay
0	is it possible to export a report of all my shopping?	How can I pay all my goods on shopping cart in one payment
1	how can I pay paypal?	Can I pay for PayPal?
0	i just want my fucking password	I just want to confirm payment via western union
0	A long time ago I forgot what my password was. I tried to get somebody to help me bust nobody would. I stopped buying things from the website.	My order was cancelled but I have received things from this site.
1	how to set shipping method	How do I set up shipping address?
0	how to use reward points	How to use shopping cart?
0	I want to collect the order in the cart.	I want to buy a product but i cannot add to my cart
0	There is a mistake translating a word "order" in English to Turkish...	How do I change the word to Chinese?
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	i have placed an order
0	wait... let me show u a snapshot...	Are u able to help me
0	Do you actually have any other answer for me	do you have any email address
1	It has been almost half a year!	refund has not been received. has been more than 10 days
0	how I pay money?	does being a member mean I have to pay money
0	how to change price	How can I search the products with lower price?
0	i dont remember which one i used	I have made orders, which have Free EMS shipping from one supplier (seller). But He sent my parcel in one box airmail.
0	How do I cancel account?	How do I restore the account?
1	how to pay via western union	How do I pay for my order using western union?
0	how can I file for an appeal	How to file a claim?
0	add email address	I cannot add a delivery address
0	You people are not treating me right	can I talk with a people?
0	remove my card number	remove my name in the transaction
0	i cannot send any message to the vendors	Are there any vendors in north America?
0	How can I add paypal	How can I add my P.O box in shipping address?
0	No please listen.....I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please h	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	just a moment	i just place an order
0	How to response the proposal in my dispute case	Dispute Case NO
0	What is my order?	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
0	Payment error in App	Sign in error. Error code: 83.
1	How do I change my email address	How do I change email address?
0	My account has the problem	My order was closed since the supplier account has been disabled
0	how to deactivate my account?	How do I edit my account?
1	good evening I had a problem with my credit card and the money that was in authorization was returned, have you received my payment?	you never returned my money
0	Turkey is above 30 euros from property taxes to Drews can be a measure of how you will	how can I find what I recently bought from you?
0	how to place the order but do not pay for it	How do I pay the order by Bank Transfer?
0	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Where can I find old messages from the seller?
0	Unable to create an account	Sorry, your account has been flagged for some reasons and you are unable to participate in this promotion.
0	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	Can I change my feedback for order?
1	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	Why I paid two times?
0	How can i get the nacional tracking code for my product?	Can i get my product on cash on delivery?
0	The payment was by ticket	I pay the ticket twice. What can I do?
1	how to find seller rating	How can I see the rating of a seller?
0	hello! may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	may i know support email
0	I brought something and they done have it, so I need my refund	i have done that
0	click here ,where?	Why you are here?
0	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	My money has been taken out from my bank but I did not get confirmation
0	I want for the seller to adjust the price with no shipping but I need the order in hold for them to fixed	I want to know the price in Euro
0	i do all -and cant	how do I get all my items into one cart?
1	it is not letting me sign in?	I fail to sign in the account
0	the color number was L	The seller sent wrong color
1	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	I changed my email. How can I update it on your site?
0	I want to know about my refund	I want to know about history of a seller
0	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
0	I had placed an order for 17 items and I received two things and the rest of the orders got cancelled as payment was not made. But the money for all the 17 items have been taken from my bank.	My order was cancelled but I have received things from this site.
1	Why is the shipment cancelled	Why my order was cancelled by email?
0	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	When can I open a dispute?
0	please to meet you too	you talk too fast
0	I want to cancel the extra shipping charge for the item I bought.	I have some extra charge on my credit card
0	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	I have not been repaid for a cancelled order
1	to find my order number etc.	How can I find my order number?
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	Do I have to pay for wrong item return
0	how to claim coupon	How long will my claim be resolved?
0	recover app coins	not get Coupon after download APP as new user
1	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	How do I change my shipping type on an order?
1	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	I do not have a password
0	where is my product	Where is my money?
0	fast shipping method	You reply very fast.
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	How do I change a feedback on the seller and the goods?
0	it said it was unsuccessful in loading it	I want to buy but it said Cannot ship to my region
0	The time of my order arrives is over, will I have the refund?	My processing time is over and I want to extend.
0	so tell ,e the store	tell the size
0	how to reset account passwords	how to turn buyer account to seller account?
0	so can't do bank payment if t	I paid by bank transfer, but the payment is not received
0	I prefer en Spanish	My account is showing up in Spanish, I need English.
1	This is not helping.	Not helping at all
1	are you a real agent?	are you real?
1	now i forget my password	forgot my password
0	No, I need an answer from you.	you keep giving the same answer
0	What are you doing	what do you like?
0	How do i add evidence?	How do I add coupons to my order?
0	but i already paid for it	I left a feedback for a company and I want to change what I wrote
0	the seller have other behavior	Confirm if have other problem
1	reset account password	Can you generate a new password for my account?
0	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	Why my payment got cancelled?
0	The only way to pay for the product is with the card?	i only have debit card malaysia
0	other orders arrived in time	The delivery is not yet arrived
0	Hi, I need help with my appeal	I need help with locating my order
1	How can I change feedback	How do I change my feedback on an item?
0	I still have not made the refund?	do you marry me?
0	I have not receive my money yet	I already paid my ticket but it appears as I have not paid yet, what do I do?
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	I would like to know what with my order?
0	my name is Bill	I want to edit my name on shipping address
0	can you find my order number	How can I find the details for my order?
0	how to remove debit card from account	How to remove unnecessary orders?
1	I am from china	I am from country
0	how to deactivate my account?	How can I log out my account?
0	cancel order	I need cancel an order but the seller still not cancel.
1	I am asking how to combine orders for payment if the order is still in my cart	Can I combine my orders?
0	I received a refund but not total why?	I have received the goods and I also received full refund.
0	I have speak with one of your colleagues and they told me that they will see	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	High Quality 2016 Men Shoes Sport Lace Up Casual Shoes Men Flats Breathable Mesh Shoes Men Tenis size 39-48	What is quality of this product?
1	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	How do I have my money back of the order?
0	how to make an appeal	How to make a payment with another product refund?
1	bye bye bye Thanks	bye bye my love
0	Hello, please help me ASAP	Please help me to get my parcel
0	I have a compte I don't connected	I don't have more questions
0	i do not Understand EVA what you mean.	do you understand Chinese
0	How to set that no one can send message	I can not send a message
0	I received my orders and all of the costumes are too small. I need much larger sizes and are performance is coming up soon. Can I have three new costumes shipped out asap?	How can I pay all my orders?
1	how to delete account	How to delete my account?
0	i don't have delete signed	I don't know
0	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	The products that I buy are suspect. But I did not received my money back.
0	how do I submit an appeal?	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	how to add passport information	how to add to my favorite
1	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	can i speak with operator?
0	could you help?	Could you communicate with me in Russian
0	i already asked something i am talking with a computer isn't it	I asked questions about the product, but received no response
1	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	If i order now with UPS how many days come the item in my country
0	how to reject the proposal	seller reject my refund request.
0	What is sellers coupon	My coupon is expired, what can I do?
1	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	I ordered in mistake. Can I cancel it?
0	my account no work	Can my visa gift card work?
0	OMG can you get a supervisor please?	Please help me to get my parcel
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
0	Eva please check my problem resolution state?	i have problem with my shipping problem
1	how can I report a fraud seller	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	save for later	It will not save things to my wish list
0	replace card information	Why will not this site accept my visa debit card information?
0	was my credit card billed	What is the progress of my credit card verification?
1	are you a real agent?	is this live are you real
0	I want to shipped my order all	i wanna delete all in my order list
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change my profile name?
0	I want to remove an appeal	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	i cannot pay for my item	I cannot add the item to my cart
1	how to get invoice	How do I get invoice?
0	how to apply warranty	Apply for compensation (SELECT COUPON)
0	i have not received my order.	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
1	Contact Customer Service this option doesn't work	how do i contact customer service
0	how many time take for delivery?	What is on-time delivery?
0	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	How do I extend the Order Received deadline?
0	Hello! I want to retreive my credit card info from my account. How can I do that?	I would like to change my account info
0	my payment was failed	I am failed to open a dispute
0	I have been waiting for disputes to end. At the same time the seller says I have not paid the money.	I have a dispute but the seller response time has ended
0	I placed an order and a dispute was opened and still haven't got my refund for over a month now.	Until now I still have not reached my order
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change my address?
1	how to find order number	How to find the order number?
0	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	That's my order link
0	May I know if how will I be able to delete my account?	I am not able to create an account
0	How do I exchange app coins	How do I exchange for another color?
0	how to use store coupon	How can I use a coupon?
0	Hello, Is there a location where I can find the invoices of my purchases?	Where can I find my feedback from sellers?
0	i opened a dispute	I opened dispute but did not get an answer
1	pay as one	How can i pay my orders in one payment?
0	I want to send an email	do you have any e mail address
0	how do i change my number?	How do I change my bank details?
0	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	Can I pay in installments on my credit card?
0	But money send	I have cancelled order due wrong behavior of supplier, please send money back
0	change my credit card number	my order number is
0	Did you receive my order back yet?	Did you receive my verification documents?
0	no i want to sell	i want to get human
1	Do I need to pay custom duty	do i have to pay duty for products
0	Good morning, I would like to know how to be an affiliate and sell the products	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	I have not received any attention from the seller	I have not received my order I can not see any track of it on my account
1	i need help with	i need some help
1	Cancelled Orders what is meaning	I have paid for my orders but the sellers have cancelled my order
0	How do I apply the Warranty Service?	how do i contact customer service
1	i can not sign in	I fail to sign in the account
0	change card details refund	I want to change the card data
1	The seller refuses to refund or resend	seller reject my refund request.
0	how can I file for an appeal	how to file dispute when confirmation timeout
1	Hi. I have not received my products, and the status is finished now.	Until now I still have not reached my order
0	I can't write English	How can I write feedback for the goods?
0	how to open a dispute?	how to cancel accepted dispute
1	these links are not working I need a service team	i need a number for customer service
1	please can u give mave ur number to call	Please give me help line number
1	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	I pressed Pay Now button 3 times. What can I do?
0	Yes I brought a wig and what i wanted they done have	I wanted to make an order to be delivered to China
1	I closed the dispute because seller promised return my money, if I didin't get order 15 days, time was out, and now he didin't return my money	my dispute is closed but I did not get my money back
0	after making the payment, the cart is empty, but the transaction did not complete	Did my last transaction go through?
1	Change Shipping address	How do change my address?
1	My app coins are not added. What can I do?	I do not have my coins
1	I ask you to return money or send new items with a tracking number!	How do you return money if the goods are not received?
0	sorry but you do not help me	will you help me or what?
1	how to contact customer service	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	Why can not I have my account disabled?
0	how can I place an order without paying	How do I delete a comment?
0	i'm so disappointed, the last 3 product I orders on 1 in January and 2 in february still didn't arrive. From now how to have a confidence to order anything else!!!	How can I place multiple orders from same seller so that shipping will be together?
0	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	do you have any email
1	wanting place an order but i cannot	I want to place an order but I cannot
0	so? i can;t	I am so stupid.
0	I have 7 orders which I have not received. They have all passed their open dispute dates	i can not open dispute because i do not have that option
0	I've ordered something and tomorrow it's been 3 weeks and he's still not help me	I need help on something
0	Did not pay back	The products that I buy are suspect. But I did not received my money back.
0	what is my account user name?	Can I change my last name on this account?
0	items in one package	I want to buy 4 items in one transaction
0	Waiting for my appeal to be verified.	My order is Your Payment is Being Verified""
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	How can I find a shop?
0	still showing refund processing	What happens on my dispute as I still do not have refund
1	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	Seller gave me a defective item
0	i want to cancel my credit card	I do not want to submit my credit card statement
0	I forgot my password I can not retrieve it and I can not connect because my mail already exists	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	my account no work	My login information does not work
1	will all item be shipped together	Will goods sent all together or separately?
0	The chat button is not working	chat with a people
1	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	We are unable to create an account	How do I create my account?
1	This chat REALLY SUCKS.	you are really no help at all
0	saying i didn't communicate	I just got an email saying my order was closed from no payment. but I paid
0	i disputing refunds. but delete order list	I want to cancel order but seller does not provide refunds
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	I am not managing to change my shipping address
1	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	I cannot leave feedback on an transaction.
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	How do I get photos without store number?
0	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	I cannot upload documents.
0	I am a victim of a scam	i am confused as to who i am speaking with
0	I would like a tracking number, how do I get one?	How would I know if tracking number is available?
1	i cancelled an order and i need my money to go back on my card immediately	will I get my money back if the order is cancelled
1	shipping back fee	Who pay for the shipping fee for sending the goods back?
0	Dear friend, Thanks for your message and order. When we are arranging to refund to you, and the system showed you opened the dispute, so we could not refund to you. Please don't worry. We will not let you lose your money. Could you please cancel the di	Could you help me please
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	The seller told me to cancel the order to return the money. What can I do?
0	I want to be a dropshipper	I want to earn money.
0	I ask you to return money or send new items with a tracking number!	I am new user and i have ask
0	What is Domestic Returns	what to say
0	What is my order?	What will happen to my order if the seller is closed?
1	I want change to my contact name	How can I change my contact name?
0	But money send	On which account to send the money?
1	It is possible?	Is it possible to change feedback?
0	How do I check if a seller reliable?	How do I check my order
0	can you find my order number	Do you have a phone number so i can place my order?
1	SIR I PAY HAND TO HAND	Can i pay with COD?
0	I have already send the proof to your colleagues	You can send the goods once again when I already paid?
0	leave a feedback	I cannot leave feedback.
1	Hey. I have not received a refund yet of cash from the auction number	Why have not I get a refund yet?
0	I paid my order several times, because?	I have placed same order four times
1	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	I have orders in dispute, when I will have my money back
0	You are saying anything about my refund	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
0	Can you tell me if you are able to accept paypal for payments	can you tell me your email address?
0	i received an item today that I have been issued a refund. how can I pay now?	How can I search item by item number?
1	how to find a product?	How to find the product I want?
0	how do I get the order number	not received order how do i get my money back
0	why my order was cancelled?	Why my order was cancelled for risk issue?
1	password retrieval process	How to set my password?
1	how to get the order number	How can I find my order number?
1	How to place order?	How do I place order?
1	I did not get the goods as described. Of course, I want to upload photos, of course, but it is not possible. I tried a video, but I can not upload it too	I cannot upload a jpeg picture.
1	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	I sent money 3 days ago and the status do not changed
1	how to set the shipping address	How do I add shipping address?
0	see above question	Type your question here
1	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	are you a computer
0	where is the coupon located	Where to get the coupon code when ordering?
0	cannot leave feedback	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	I'm interested in a kind of Minnie sheet	you are so kind
0	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	Can I cancel my order if the order status says Payment Processing?
0	waiting for reply	You reply very fast.
1	hello my dear friend	hello my friend
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	i returned the item to the seller
1	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	I am trying to place an order but it says error
0	The chat button is not working	live chat button
0	Can american express be used?	are you american
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	i have placed 3 orders
0	the color number was L	What color is your hair?
0	Sales email address	verify email address
0	how to feedback	How do I reply to feedback?
0	how to respond dispute	What will happen if the seller does not respond to my dispute?
0	Hey. My account is locked. I am an honest buyer, did not open disputes for no reason. I ask you to unlock the account.	I am not able to see my account
1	I am saying you only take us dollars?	Do you only accept dollars?
1	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	I cannot place my order
0	this not help	Where is help?
0	how do I cancel account	How do I restore the account?
0	i ordered a phone. its broken	i have already ordered an item
0	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	I have no return address
0	I have already send the proof to your colleagues	I have already paid for my order
0	i need my money back on my card today	When will I get my money back?
0	when will my order be placed	I placed a order and I cannot find it in my orders.
0	What are the shipping method?	the shipping method has changed due to the change of your shipping address
0	how do i reactivate my account	How do I edit my account?
0	have sent an email with my passport and credit card photos	I have some extra charge on my credit card
1	i want to reset my password	How can I reset my password?
0	When did I cancel the canceled payment of the account?	Why did I fail to log in to my account?
1	How to edit my phone number	How can I edit my profile?
0	So, could you help me?	so nobody help me
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	The items are not received but seller does not answer anymore.
0	i see that you don't help me.i can't wait more time	Need more time to check
0	how to add additional feedback	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	I can`t enter my credit card	Someone stole my credit card. What can I do?
1	I would like a tracking number, how do I get one?	I do not have a tracking number
0	I do not want partial refund, I want full refund	I want to accept the solution of partial refund
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	What if there are too many search results?
0	who can help me please?	Please help me to get my parcel
0	I marked order received by mistake	I placed duplicated order
0	hello. how i can ask the seller for the bill for my company	Can I change my shipping company?
0	How do I use Warranty Service?	How do I use the Advanced Search?
0	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	I have not received my order..?	I have received my order, how to confirm?
0	add additional feedback	I have charged additional fees for my purchase
1	bye bye bye Thanks	thank you bye
1	Is there a way to delete my account?	Can you delete my account
0	What happens if I don't get my refund	I don't know.
0	You're already putting this on all the time	talk to me
0	i do it but not working	How do I receive a refund by credit card after 20 working days?
0	i will ask another help	I want to ask the price
0	I need top ten items sold in 2017	How can I delete TradeManager from my desktop?
0	please do accept tbc	Do you accept Discover card?
0	via bank card	How do I get a refund if I paid via Bank Transfer?
1	i did not receive my refund	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
1	change the size	I need to change the size
0	the seller just said that need to wait some days.	What is wait seller confirm account?
0	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	Do I need to return the package if I open a dispute?
1	How to extend buyers protection?	extend protection time
0	I bought the wrong product when the money is due	When would I give money for product?
0	Are you an idiot? I need to remove or delete an appeal.	I want remove My order
1	Do i get a shipping discount if it's a large order?	Can you give me a discount if I place a large order
0	how to get the order number?	How to get a partial refund on my order.
0	i am not satisfied with dispute result	I am not satisfied with the product received. What can I do?
0	What number is the beginning of my purchase I made on the date of 21 05 2017	I made purchase but cannot locate it.
1	open a dispute.	I need open a dispute
0	and until now I have had no answers	can I send you e-mail?
0	card details edit	how to look the details of the product ordered
0	What if I don't like the way the dress fits or it is the wrong size? Can I return it for a refund?	I don't know
0	Hello, I would like to know how to sponsor a friend.	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	i can't log in the forgotten password link doesn't work	i cant speak english
0	how to use warranty service?	How to use promotion code?
1	can I speak to a human being?	I need speak to a human
1	i have to have a refund	How can I have the refund?
0	Can I access my mobile orders on my PC so I can print out my orders?	Can I use my coupons in combined orders?
0	i can't find it	i cant speak english
1	I canceled the order but have not yet refunded my money	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
1	is this a fucking computer?	does this automatically computer answer
1	i ordered the item in april	I ordered Nike shoes and accept it
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	I have orders stopped in customs
1	The seller is not responding me	The seller will not contact me
0	Will be able to assist me?	I am not able to create an account
0	leave a feedback	When can I leave feedback?
0	i know this	i wanted to know the order status
0	buyer protection has ended	what is Buyer Protection
1	why ship by air took so long?	Why is my shipment taking so long?
0	card details edit	I want details of my refund
0	its about login area	Which is the area code for France?
0	May I ask a question?	may i type
0	to ask someone for my order	someone stole my pictures
0	how to remove credit card?	How do I change credit card?
0	the seller changed the shipping method?	choose wrong shipping method
0	But the product is requested	I am searching a product
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	I have ordered an item
0	you can not help me	can you help me with something
1	i cannot delete the order	how to delete paid order
1	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	My order has been shipped to wrong country
0	I cannot contact seller	How do I contact seller?
0	This is the order number.	Is order number as the same as tracking number?
0	it is nice to meet you	are you there
0	I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
0	I placed an order and a dispute was opened and still haven't got my refund for over a month now.	I made a dispute one month ago but it is still in processing. What can I do?
0	What number is the beginning of my purchase I made on the date of 21 05 2017	I made a purchase and did not answer me.
0	how to extend buyer's protection	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
0	if i sell here, can i get the payment sent to my paypal account?	Can I sell on your website?
0	Need a refund	need to call
1	can help me	can u please help me?
1	I cannot make an account and I want to track a package	How do I track my package?
0	hello, I have a quesion. I ordered product to New Zealand with alie express shipping est. delivery 13-20 days. One time I ordered e packet to new zealand est. delivery 20-40 days. However the e packet arrived within 12 days. Is e packet usually faster to n	I have not received payment within 10 days
1	how to cancel the dispute?	How to cancel dispute?
0	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	I have a problem. Did you help me?
0	How to place order?	I would like to place order how long will delivery take
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	The product is not what I want or order
0	ship back address	Can I ship to a Chinese address?
0	why my order canceled shipment	Why has my order not been refunded after it was canceled
1	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	customer service phone number
0	i order some item last week	I have escalated an order and have not been updated in over a week.
1	I want to upload a photo	I need a function to upload photos
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	Can I show my photo to you?
0	how to save payment method	Can I send a check as a payment method?
0	I pay seller and my order never arrive	When will my order arrive
0	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	If I ordered 4 items and received 2 of them, do I click confirm order?
0	was my credit card billed	Why the amount on my credit card was deducted twice?
0	Can I buy without a mobile?	Can I buy via PayPal?
0	I canceling order i made by an mistake	Please change the delivery address, I made a mistake.
0	how do I change coins into coupon	How do I get coupon?
0	when I can leave feedback?	How do I leave feedback?
1	ship to syria	do you ship to
0	how to respond to escalated dispute	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier does not respond, how to proceed?
0	I am so angry	I am so happy today.
0	Hi, I am in Hong Kong. do you have staff or shop or office in HK?	How do I find a shop
0	I still not hear Anything about mij contact we have before	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
1	Who is your boyfriend?	Where is your boyfriend?
0	There is a problem with the system	is this auto replay system?
0	I request dispute	I want to revise refund request
0	i want to reset my password	Why have not I received an email to reset my password?
0	here you have order number	Why are you here?
0	l placed an order from spain to spain	I want to know if I am in Spain, how long I wait?
0	I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please help	The system will not let me pay
0	I brought something and they done have it, so I need my refund	I have done this it did not help
1	extend buyer protection.	How to extend my buyer protection time?
0	how to use bank transfer?	How do I receive refund if I paid by Bank Transfer or TT?
0	where i can ask? because i want to know how can i use that money... it is too low to return back to me	How can i get my money back from canceled order?
0	Hello when you accept my cancelled order	do you accept mastercard
0	Cancelled Orders is showing order list means	Why my order is not showing?
0	how can i change my credit card details	I cannot find my order details.
0	How to ship back the item	My item was shipped back. How do I get it now?
0	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	I request a refund but the seller does not respond.
1	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	How many days I will receive my order?
0	Hi!! need to delete my old credit card info to register a new credit card	credit card fraud
0	how to use reward points	How to use a coupon in order?
0	do you want watch voor me	Is there anything that you want to tell me?
0	my account no work	My visa debit does not work
1	Is there a real person who can help me?	Can i speak to a real person?
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	my seller deleted his page
0	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	Can I get a catalog of your products?
1	my concern is to know the progress of my order.	I want to know my order status.
0	How long in I forgot the password	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	i ordered a phone, its broken	I want to replace the broken item.
0	i did this all already and i was chatting with a member of your team and they said that it would be resolved by a day or so and it still has not been resolved	I escalated and it is not resolved yet, how long does it usually take?
0	i bought five cell phones and ipad	Can I chat with you in my cell phone?
1	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	Do you have email?
1	I can't change my shipping name	How can I change my contact name?
0	How to input into waiting Shipment using app	I am waiting for a refund. How long it will take?
0	No how to modify the mobile phone number?	Can mobile phone use TradeManager or not?
0	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	I am not able to attach a photo for a dispute
1	i need online chat	where can I get online technical support?
1	I have problem with you guys	Oh i have a problem
0	when will my order be placed	When will my order arrive
0	I want refund	I want to return item for a refund
0	I can not find Manage Feedback in the app	I want to manage my transactions
0	I can not pay because "You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again."	How can I sign in to account?
0	how to confirm delivery	How much is delivery charges?
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	I do not know how to manage my transactions.
0	The shipment did not arrive	When will my order arrive
0	please read above	How can I access and read feedback the seller gave to me?
1	i need to open dispute	How do I open dispute?
1	I can't change my shipping name	I would like to change shipping address and contact name. How can I do?
0	i have contacted the seller several times and even this morning and they are not helping me out	I have several orders that were paid but not sent to me.
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	Why I have not gotten the shipping information for my order?
0	i can't log in the forgotten password link doesn't work	i cant call you
0	I can't get help from you	I have a question can you help?
0	how to get warranty	how to you get to work
0	how to manage feedback	manage my transactions
0	someone else know vietnamese?? I wanna oder	I wanna know the status of my case
0	What is reward points	I shared with friends but why not give points?
0	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	I have opened dispute for my order, but the supplier does not respond, how to proceed?
1	how to get refund boleto	How do I receive a refund by Boleto?
0	Dispute finished. Seller agreed to refund but refund not received.	How can I change dispute if seller agreed?
1	how to open dispute	How do I open a dispute?
0	I can pay when receiving goods	Can I use my P.O box for receiving an order?
0	earn more about new features!	I want to know more about product specifications.
1	how to use seller's coupon?	How do I use seller coupon?
1	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	canceled no shipment	What is Awaiting Shipment?
0	I'm from Pakistan and want to re sell your products	Can I sell on your website?
0	I have a problem with the bad seller	I have a problem with coupon
0	was my credit card billed	Somebody used my credit card.
0	Top ten items which sold in 2017 at top	In which situation will I be refunded?
1	i need open dispute	I want to open dispute
1	ok I will explain briefly	i will try to explain to you my question
1	when my pay cancelled	When will I get my refund for the cancelled order
0	I thought this was supposed to be a live chat?	live chat closed why
1	i want to get receipt	I want to get a invoice for my product.
0	I need top ten items sold in 2017	I want to reorder some items.
0	why feedback not display	Why I cannot leave feedback?
1	ship to syria	will you ship to my country?
1	connect live chat again	I want live chat?
0	still showing refund processing	Why the claim is still in processing?
0	how to remove feedback	how to remove goods already received
0	are u live	r u there
0	I was charged for an item I thought I purchased but never received it and can't find a trace of in on my orders	I never received my item. it was closed by mistake.
0	seller has not ship out my order	What if the seller does not ship my order before the processing time?
0	i havent received my goods yet	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
0	SIR I PAY HAND TO HAND	How do I pay with post pay?
0	how to add photo	How do I add additional feedback?
1	Why nobody can help?	can you help with that?
1	add new shipping address	How do I add another shipping address?
0	how do i change my profile?	How do I check Feedback Profile of a seller?
0	You people are not treating me right	What is the status right now?
1	its take too long time	It takes too much time for dispute.
0	I finished dispute	I accidentally closed the dispute
0	how to edit dispute?	How do I edit my member profile?
0	how I pay money?	i want to cancel an order and use the money to pay for another order
1	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	I am dissatisfied with claim result.
0	contacting the seller	There is no rating for the seller
0	I have not received my goods	I want to request partial refund but I have not received the goods.
0	Why I cannot send message to seller?	I cannot sign in and there is no error message
0	i just sent a post	I paid to deliver goods by Fedex but they have sent goods to China post
0	Then this must be joke, you must be kidding me,,,	do you like me
1	what time is it?	What is the time there?
1	No because you do not want to help me	you cant help me
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	I cannot pay my order with my card.
0	package description should not be mentioned	If I returned the package to my provider, should I extend the processing time?
0	how do i open a dispute?	How do I modify dispute?
0	reply me soon	Are you the auto reply?
1	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	I want to open dispute for my order
0	do you have a solution for that	do you have lunch?
0	how to find the seller	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	when I want to pay, an old discarded card comes up. I have to enter my new card number EVERY time, and it is annoying. How can I deleted the old discarded visa card	Can I pay with a Visa card, if there is insufficient amount?
0	please someone who knows spanish l find it hard to write and translate and then translate what he writes to me	I paid the order the seller writes that is not present what to do
0	How do I know my product from the delivery date?	do they ship to
0	DO U SPEAK FRENCH PLEASE	I need to speak to someone please
0	buyer protection time notification	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	but when i am not in my account, i mean when i view as guest, i can view the info page	When am I going to receive my orders?
0	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	Why you do not accept American Express credit card?
0	i don't receive my order	I don't know
0	Hello, how can I invite friend	I need a girl friend.
0	I paid this shoes I HAVEN'T NEVER RECEIVE	I ordered Nike shoes and accept it
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	I did not receive a verification link in my email
0	how to find seller rating	find a diamond seller for me
1	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us dollars or our currency?	Do you only accept dollars?
1	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	my order was shipped to wrong country
0	How to input into waiting Shipment using app	I am waiting for the refund to be credited to my card, how long will it take?
1	cannot leave feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback for my order?
0	What is wish list	How long can item stay in wish list?
0	I want to remove an appeal	I want to remove a transaction
0	i can not pay with IDEAL, my bank said there is nothing wrong with my IDEAL,	How can I pay with a bank account?
0	but how much time	How much is it?
0	ok i know that but the process is very long	I know my english is not very good sorry
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	Can you check my email address?
1	coins has not added	I do not have my coins
0	how I pay money for my product what I choose	How can I pay with a refunded money?
0	yes, I keep trying to pay but it wont work	I am trying to use the discount code and does not work today
0	via bank card	Do you charge me bank service fees if I pay for my orders with credit card?
0	I want to close a dispute	How long should I wait for a dispute to close?
1	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	can I talk with a human?
1	ship to iran	Do you ship to Canada?
0	why is my order showing shipment cancelled?	Why my order is Awaiting Shipment?
0	answer the question	can i get a real person to answer question?
0	I received my orders and I am very unhappy with the way the shoes all smell.	i am very FRUSTRATED NOW
0	I need an assistance with my order	I need the postage number of my order
1	My received was hold in the customs	I have not received by goods. seized by Customs
0	Hi, I am in Hong Kong. do you have staff or shop or office in HK?	Do I have to take my purchase on the post office?
0	i have a problem with payments on my account	I have a problem in amending my feedback.
0	I am trying to pay for my order. Can I pay with iDeal?	I am trying to pay for an order and it keeps denying my payment
1	Where can I find feedback left about me?	Where can I find my feedback from sellers?
1	why are you not answering corret: go to hell	you are not answering my question
1	I think I just ordered twice? same thing by mistake	I accidentally ordered doubly the same product
0	Not yet shipped	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
0	I am not able to open dispute	I am not able to buy anything
0	I could not pay for my order and I've already supplied an appeal and it was approved	I already pay my order and supplier do not have the goods
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	I paid all my orders but sellers told me that I did not paid.
0	What is sellers coupon	What is Select Coupon?
0	that was automatic answer	my answer is not in
0	I want to group suppliers by country	I want to ship my product to China but I cannot find it in the country list
1	I don't have a real payment problem.	I am having a problem with payment
0	i want to recover deleted orders	i want to clear awaiting orders
1	manage my shopping cart	I do not know how to use my shopping cart
0	how to find the seller's store	Why can not I find the product in a store?
1	Should I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay my taxes and taxes?	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	hi eva. im having a problem with an order	I am having problem logging in
1	how do i use select coupon	How do I use Select Coupon?
0	Cancelled Orders what is meaning	My order is cancelled for no payment, what can I do?
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	Am looking at super thick 3D wood log wallpaper mural paper	I am looking for a seller I ordered before. Can you help me?
0	i am unable to join	I am unable to pay by Visa debit card
1	my card has been used by someone	My credit card was stolen and someone used it to buy something in your shop.
1	Hi, I need help	i need help here
1	how to change your email address	I need change my email address.
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	you keep giving the same answer
1	my order no. is	this is my order no.
0	setting up shipping address	I put wrong shipping address
0	Yes, it's on the way but it takes 3 weeks	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
0	Invoice amount is not the same as for orders	Can I place all my orders in the same shipment?
0	I have a projector that I bought and came with a defect I tried to open a dispute and the website suggested that I negotiate with the store, I tried to negotiate, the store promised to send another projector, I did my part I resent and I did not receive th	I did not receive my package
0	and i am out of time	What if time is running out and the seller has not sent my order?
0	If I order a shipping free product, do i need to pay for custom duty in my country??	How much I need pay for the shipping fee?
0	I was paying with the American card and I already put 2 times the information on the card and the payment was not processed as the message tells me there was an error	are you american
0	What is my Wish List for	Can other people see my wish list?
0	Today I have placed an order as a guest but have not received confirmation.	If I place an order today, can I have it tomorrow?
0	My dispute is taking too long, why?	Shipping too long
0	How to place order?	How can I use shopping cart to place order?
1	what is my account user name?	How do I get my user name?
0	when I want to pay, an old discarded card comes up. I have to enter my new card number EVERY time, and it is annoying. How can I deleted the old discarded visa card	I want to pay with visa card but i have a problem
0	how can I file for an appeal	How do I file a complaint?
0	I ordered some tea bags in November, that haven't arrived.	I have ordered an item
0	how to paid order?	The order has not been paid
1	i need helper	I need help man.
1	I am from china	I am from country
0	the order is close	close my account
1	Can you guys ship out the items with 1 day shipping?	How can I get same day shipping?
1	i cancelled an order and i need my money to go back on my card immediately	My order keeps getting cancelled and I am not getting my money back
0	is it possible to export a report of all my shopping?	all my pleasure
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	Can I make change to my order after clicked place order?
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	I cannot find the open disputes button
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	Nothing has come.
0	This doesnt work.	My product does not work
1	how to extend buyer's protection	I want to extend buying protection
0	how to open a dispute on app	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	i need my money	I want my money
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	the seller is no longer active, and his shop is empty
1	seller is not responding	Seller is not replying
0	how to set shipping method	Why I failed to set my shipping address
1	How to find the order number?	How to get my order number?
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	Why my email show be registered?
0	how to get refund boleto	How do I get refund by Yandex?
1	can you check my dispute?	How can I check my dispute?
1	do you ship to iran?	do you ship to
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	I did not get the discount as promised, what can I do?
1	how do i go to customer care	how do i get to customer service
1	if an order has come back how many days i have to get the refund	how do I get a refund? I sent the product back.
1	Iam seeing no where to contact customer service	how to contact customer service
0	save for later	It says system unavailable try again later.
0	Can not pay in cash?	Can i get my product on cash on delivery?
0	I have new email	I have enter wrong email.
0	after received item I found out it is not working	What happens if a item is sold out
1	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	How do I unsubscribe from the mailing list?
0	I want to buy this machine and have it delivered to germany	I want to buy only one product
0	kinds of payment method	Is PayPal accepted as a payment method?
0	turn me back to operator	I am back
0	can you ck only order?	Do you only accept dollars?
1	Ho do You speak italian?	do you speak french?
1	hi, the seller gave me a new tracking number. how must i use it?	How would I know if tracking number is available?
0	I tried to extend the purchase protection but seller is silent. When I try to open a dispute the system not permitted me tod do it.	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
0	Not satisfied with dispute	how to check dispute reason
0	I just wonder when I got my order	I wonder about my order
1	I have forgotten my password &amp; when I try &amp; reset my password from the email it is not connecting or when I copy &amp; paste web site to brower, its not showing the site, I just want a new password so i can check my account, but nothing is working	I want to reset my password have not got the email
0	and received the refund amount and dispute closed	I need to change the refund amount on my order
0	But i have paid it	i have a dispute with the seller
0	how to upload photo	How can I upload the file?
0	hello i am just wondering if i'm on the right site. i sign up for the affiliate program but i am a bit confuse, i do not see anywhere i can get a link to post to my website	I am unable to sign in
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I wanna return the items to the seller
0	Impossible to create account	I cannot create an account because the email already exists
0	I tried that, it didn't work	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	my account no work	My Moneybookers account does not work.
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	can I speak with a real person?
0	I have contacted them, but they tell me to wait a while for them to arrive. But that's not the problem. It has arrived, but defective; And they just tell me to wait for me to arrive	Can you tell me if there is any processing fee while making the transaction
0	My products from the above order did not arrive, how do I?	How do I post my products to your site?
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	Can I still use the coupons after paying?
0	I had not receive my merchandise	When will I receive my order?
1	How can I change feedback	Can I change my feedback for order?
0	I want to know more about the product	I want to know more on my claim
0	order long time?	Why the processing time is so long?
0	once again i will try, it can work my visa gift card	When can I pay my order by Visa debit card
1	i need to talk to human being please	I need speak to a human
0	put order in the cart	I cannot find some of the items I put in my shopping cart
0	I am a seller	What should I do when I am scammed by seller?
0	my orders were cancelled	I have orders cancelled for a suspicious seller
0	and i am out of time	I'll try to figure it out
1	How do I change my email address	I need change the email address.
0	This doesnt work.	The item does not work properly
0	Extend delivery time	What is on-time delivery?
1	Can you talked to me	can you tell me
0	today i saw something that i want to buy. I is on sale. the sale is due to close now. I cannot buy because I cannot log onto the site. What can I do?	i want to open an after sale dispute
0	unable to place an order	I want to place order by phone
0	cannot contact seller	I cannot figure out which seller is better
0	i want know when i need data to use it	I need know when my order deliver to me
1	a need a real person to talk to	I want to talk to real person
0	I not satisfied with the dispute	i have a dispute with the seller
0	i have done done all tracking	Why the order has been canceled but the payment already done?
0	i ordered pokemon cards there fake	I brought a product but it was confiscated by the customs authorities because it is a fake
1	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	where i can ask? because i want to know how can i use that money... it is too low to return back to me	The product is received. Can I return it back?
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	What do you do in your spare time?
0	how to contact your seller	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
0	seller is not responding	The seller is a scammer
0	how can I check order number?	How can I search item by item number?
1	hi there, I need help	i need help with a transaction
0	but more then 20 days is happen still payment not get	I have paid for my order for more than 7 days by bank transfer, but my order is still pending payment.
0	Why did it say that I had my ordered parcel already in my post office, but it says that it's undeliverable, what is that supposed to mean? Will I get my parcel?	How can I get my parcel?
0	how to block notification	How are you?
0	Please check the history on this site	how to clear history orders
1	what is order number	what is you number
0	how to remove debit card from account	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
0	my order was 120 plus total	I placed an order for some items with a total of 135$.
0	i need developer account	I need change the email of my account. What can I do?
1	##I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them	I do not have the seller contact information
1	Hello, Eva. I wanna cancel fund processing in my orders.	I want to cancel Fund Processing
0	and there have not called me	you have not helped me
0	The deadline to open a dispute has already ended, how do I?	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
0	how to get coupon?	How can I know I get the coupon?
0	hi i want to know refund status	I want to know the status of my dispute
1	Can you people help me	I hope you can help me
0	How old are you	how are you doing
0	the part where you have to write the code seems defective	Where can I write my address to buy products?
0	i am following up my case	If I send the order when I am not at home, where can I pick it up?
1	Contact Customer Service this option doesn't work	customer service phone number
0	Will be able to assist me?	I am not able to track.
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	Can I change my shipping address?
1	DO U SPEAK FRENCH PLEASE	You speak please
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	Where can I see the dispute result?
0	My orders are getting canceled..	My product was canceled by suspicious seller
0	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	Why does my order keep getting closed after payment?
0	will you deliver to company	I would like my product to be deliver at a new address
0	Ok thank you the last question are you Spanish women	ok thank you very much
0	where is the coupon located	Where are your guys located?
0	my payment was failed	Why the payment by Visa MasterCard failed?
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	My supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
1	Hi i have not received my order	i have not received my order and i want my money back
1	bye bye bye Thanks	love you bye
0	The tracking number doesn't update	I did not get tracking number
1	yes, I keep trying to pay but it wont work	I am trying to pay with a visa card and it is not allowing me to pay
0	i cannot send any message to the vendors	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	i don't receive my order	I don't have more questions
0	where is this Appeal button?	The dispute button is not working.
0	Why my package is blocking the original country?	Why do items take so long to ship to my country?
0	I ordered some tea bags in November, that haven't arrived.	i ordered some products and received a size smaller.
1	how do I cancel dispute	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
0	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	I just received my order and I am not happy with it.
1	I want to cancel the order	I want to cancel an order.
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	may i know support email
0	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	I received an email said I did not pay for the order
1	My money is not in my account	Where is my money?
0	I didn't receive my order?	I did not see my order. Where is it?
1	is this bot	you are a bot? or a human?
0	my order is cancelled	My order is not verified and now it is cancelled.
0	i am not able see dispute history	I am not able to track.
1	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	Why the order was canceled but not returned the money?
0	please to meet you too	Could you please help me?
1	How do I change my email address	How do I change register email address?
0	how to place order	Why I cannot place order?
0	how many days to get a refund	how many days to deliver the parcel?
0	how a make new store	How does the payment make?
0	how to pay using idea	How can I pay for my order using PayPal?
1	How do I cancel account?	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
0	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	The vendor responded he received the package back and reimburse the buyer. when I will have refund
1	A product does not match and does not work	The product I bought it does not work
0	i have received it	I have not received the coupon
0	I need to access my mobile orders on my PC	I can no longer access my account
0	i wrote u upper!	I left a feedback for a company and I want to change what I wrote
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to buy 4 items in one transaction
0	Can you tell me when will I order my order Me 2017-05-22 12:05 hello I have already written twice that you have not received my order. And you have cheated twice	I have been charged twice for my order
1	Hi, i need support please	I need email address please
0	my order will be return?	Why my order froze? My order will come to me or return?
0	how can I leave a feedback	When can I leave feedback?
0	so answer me"!"/!/"	This is not the answer
1	May I speak with a Human please?	I'd like to speak with a human
1	how do i place order?	How do I check the order status?
0	where can I find "EDIT member profile"?	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
0	save credit card	How to pay with credit card?
0	i have a cuestion	Could i have contact no.
0	I cannot find my save for later list	Why I cannot find China in the country list?
1	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	Why it does not add products to wish list?
1	how to open dispute for completed orders	How to dispute a completed order
1	I placed an order and a dispute was opened and still haven't got my refund for over a month now.	What happens on my dispute as I still do not have refund
0	Hello, Eva. I wanna cancel fund processing in my orders.	My order is showing Fund Processing
0	before placing order	How can I clarify a product size or color when placing my order?
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	Where is the message sent by the supplier
0	how to add evidence to dispute?	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	The status is finished but I have nothing.	I have nothing to do now
0	I want to send an email	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
0	i disputing refunds. but delete order list	How do I delete items in my wish list?
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	Why I had an order canceled?
0	restore order list	How do I restore the account?
0	how to upload picture to dispute	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	The seller is not responding me	The seller has deceived me
0	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	i ordered some products and received a size smaller.
0	my orders are doubled how do I start over	Why my payment was doubled?
0	I don't want my credit card remembered	I need to change my credit card details.
0	Forgot login how to restore?	I cannot login to the account
0	i need to chat now	i am ill now
0	how to set my currency	How do I set as Online" status?"
1	I would like a tracking number, how do I get one?	How do I get the tracking code of the product?
0	But you are saying anything about my refund	can you tell me something about the status of my orders
0	my order is cancelled	Why my order cancelled for security?
0	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	What are you doing now?
0	As I can't do appeal	what can I do?"
0	buyer protection time notification	Is buyer protection free?
0	l do not want more money l want my shipment and fast for that l pay an extra the time l need to understand?	I want to know more on my claim
1	how do i open a dispute?	How do I open an dispute?
0	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	I want to cancel the order but the seller does not respond.
0	i have done done all tracking	Boleto payment already done
1	seller don't answer me	Seller does not answer
0	how to change to password?	How to change reason
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	I want to buy a product but i cannot add to my cart
1	Ho do You speak italian?	do you speak
0	Hello good afternoon I would like to ask a question, I made my request and waited for confirmation of it, and the page told me that the tracking would be available in 5-10 days. The days have passed and I can not trace my request, what is happening?	I have requested dispute. My purchase protection ends in 5 days.
1	are you human? I need help	i need to speak with a human
0	please to meet you too	please do you have customer service phone
0	how to claim coupon	How to file a claim?
1	please answer me	Please answer me!
0	how to upload photo	I cannot upload attachment.
0	I forgot my password I can not retrieve it and I can not connect because my mail already exists	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	I wanted to make an order to be delivered to China
0	is it possible to export a report of all my shopping?	Why my shopping was returned?
0	I can not make an appeal	Can I make payments with PayPal?
1	wanting place an order but i cannot	Why I cannot place order?
1	talk to me eva	talk to me pls
0	it said: tracking details will be available in 10 days	refund has not been received. has been more than 10 days
0	how to find a product	I can not find the product tracking code
1	how can I pay paypal?	How do I pay by PayPal?
0	I bought a coat on April 28 forgot the email and the password I have already paid for the credit card, and I have already made the order, follow the link of the product purchased	I already paid the order
0	I want clear out one of my account, name is "je"	I want change my name ID
1	what is your phone number	Please advise me your service phone number
1	I want a new order. There is a problem signing in to your account.	I having difficulty in signing in
0	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	i have forgot my password	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	Can you look into my issue?	how to look the details of the product ordered
0	i cant find the ideal icon?	How to find the product I want?
1	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	I am trying to place an order
1	Can I talk to someone without being a machine?	It's hard to talk to a machine. I want to talk to someone.
1	I want more wide walking shoes, width to be E, EE, EEE, EEEE	I want to know more about product specifications.
1	how to use select coupon?	Why I cannot use Select Coupon?
0	but I would like to know if it's possible for me to get samples or pay for samples of some of the products before I buy large quantities	I would like to reorder some items.
0	never mind this suck I will order at light in the box	i will never never never ever buy anything else from this website
0	my Shipment cancelled	Why my order cancelled for security?
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore	I don't have more questions
0	What are talking about?	What do you guys do about false advertising
0	i havent received my goods yet	The goods I received are damaged
0	10 days are over	I have been over charged
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	how to check dispute reason
1	What is an appeal?	Why there is no My Appeal?
0	I'm having trouble canceling my account.	i am having problems creating my account
0	where to find order number	Where is your account number?
0	i am fine	I am so stupid.
0	he seller says we have returned the money. I did not get the money.	How do I get money back if I have cancelled dispute?
0	Can can send my email	Can you send my orders fast?
1	How do I delete feedback	How do I delete a comment?
0	what do you mean u cant help	What do you mean by a copy of the bank statement for the credit card used?
1	do you send payment to paypal	Do you accept PayPal as payment option?
0	where do I find account settings	Where can I find previous orders?
0	How can I do?	I do not know how I can use my coupon
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	Where can i see response from supplier?
1	are u still here??	are u there?
0	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	How do i pay for everything in my cart at once?
0	turn off promotions	Is there a way to have more off prices?
1	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	The order is cancelled, but the money is not refunded
0	i need the last 4 digits	I want to know what items I bought last time
0	how can I check order number?	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	I mean did you take tbc here	It did not take my visa I called banks and they said it should work
0	delivery time filter, you can specify	There is an order processing time under the delivery time options. What is that?
0	Unable to create an account	I cannot create an account because the email already exists
0	I can not find Manage Feedback in the app	When can I leave feedback?
0	yes, havea problem	ok no problem
1	connect live chat again	live chat button
0	how to remove feedback	how to remove old orders on my page?
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	I would like to change my account info
1	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	I paid for the items but it shows my payment is pending
0	How to reset account password	How can I reset my security question?
0	How to ship back the item	how much is it ship to Canada?
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	Do you offer shipping information if I buy from you?
1	is this a human being?	i need a human
0	Where I can find the feedback from the seller?	Where can I find my dispute cases?
0	hello, I have a quesion. I ordered product to New Zealand with alie express shipping est. delivery 13-20 days. One time I ordered e packet to new zealand est. delivery 20-40 days. However the e packet arrived within 12 days. Is e packet usually faster to n	I want to be unsubscribed from all e-mails
0	i have contacted the seller several times and even this morning and they are not helping me out	I am having trouble becoming a member, I have tried several times.
1	hello, can I speak spanish?	I do not speak English only Spanish
0	cannot leave feedback	can you leave a phone
1	How to add video to the dispute?	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
1	OK OK OK	ok no problem
0	tried to pay for my order wouldnt go thru whats up?	I cannot find my order. It is not coming up.
0	The address was right but said it was wrong. Why are you like this?	order sent to a wrong address
0	upload video evidence	i cannot upload a photo
0	i don't receive my order	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	When will I receive refund after I open dispute?
0	I have received products I didn't order. I did order from another company which do not seem to be connected to you	I did not get an answer for an order which has an escalated dispute.
1	can i speak to a real person?	can i chat with a real person
1	as a human	may i talk with human?
0	when my pay will cancelled	When can I expect my refund on some cancelled order?
1	leave a feedback	How do I leave feedback for an order?
1	How to pay using ideal payment	How to pay with iDeal?
1	How to manage my shopping cart	I do not know how to use my shopping cart
1	return shipping address of the seller	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	Where can you click?	where do you ship to?
0	How can I put the store on the black list?	How can i search a store?
0	I need ask give number	give me a phone number
0	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	When will I receive a refund if the orders have been cancelled?
0	Why am I expected to pay return shipping costs if it has been determined that the seller sent me the wrong items?	I paid for my items and the shipping address is wrong
0	want to delete your profile?	I want to delete negative feedback.
0	How long in I forgot the password	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	trying to sign in and it is telling me service is unavailable
0	Are there other ways to pay	Can I contact you by other ways?
0	I can not make an appeal	can i make payment using debit card
0	cancel my order	When will you cancel my order?
0	how to add additional feedback	How to add product to Wish List
0	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	Do you charge me bank service fees if I pay for my orders with credit card?
0	can you read?	how do i read messages
0	are you bot	Are you there?
0	I cannot response to claim	Can I claim a refund?
0	Please, I could not checkout	Could you help me please
1	how can help me	can you help me?
0	i do not have a question relating to the above mentioned question.	I have a question about a dispute
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	How do I sort items in my Wish List?
0	refund is stuck at processing	What is processing time?
0	cannot contact seller	The product is not good and cannot contact the seller
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	My supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	i did not forgot my password. i just want to change it frequently.	Why I did not receive an email with my new password
0	I HAVE A PURCHASE ON YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE REGISTERING, AT THIS TIME THE ORDER IS BUGGED IN THE CUSTOMS AND DHL NEEDS THE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER.	I made purchase but they closed my order.
0	need to have a developer account via API	I need some help with my account
0	the order has been shipped 20 days ago but I haven't received it yet	I have shipped back the goods but the order has been completed.
1	I need to open a dispute	How do I open dispute?
0	Where can you click?	Where are you from?
0	I have no pay without paypal	Do I have to pay for goods to be returned
1	i want to know when i will get money back. I got an email stating that seller agrees to refund	Seller agreed to refund the money, how do I get them?
0	its less than 20	Why is my order countdown showing less than 3 days so soon after it was shipped?
0	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	How do I return a item shipped by the seller?
0	wear do i click	if I wear usa size large is it the same as china
0	seller has not ship out my order	What if time is running out and the seller has not sent my order?
0	Can you delete my account and I will start again	Can I get my bank slip again as I did not print it?
0	I wanna buy something product but I dont know how to pay money	I wanna buy something but I cannot buy it. What should I do?
0	I received my orders and all of the costumes are too small. I need much larger sizes and are performance is coming up soon. Can I have three new costumes shipped out asap?	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
1	my query is regarding my order status	What is the status of my order?
0	Please check the history on this site	Please give me your e-mail support for your site
0	how i can sell one product in u site	If the product I received is not the right one, can I return it free of charge?
0	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	The seller has not yet sent the goods to me. I want a refund.
0	So where can I FOUND COUPONS I EXCHANGED? WHERE ARE THEY?	Where can I specify the size?
0	I can not cancel the dispute.	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
1	I can only speak Japanese. However, you can respond at the translation site.	I only speak Russia
0	I think the seller is not issuing my money	Seller asks for PayPal to return my money.
0	i do not Understand EVA what you mean.	you do not understand
0	The seller is a cheater!	Seller is not replying
0	Hello! Is it posible to see what rewiews sellers have given about me? Where can I find the rewiews?	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
1	i have a problem with the seller	I have problem with order. The seller is a liar and a cheater.
0	are you sure that you cain t help me??	will you help me or what?
0	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	My order keeps getting cancelled and I am not getting my money back
1	impossible to join contact customer support	i want customer support
1	hello can you help me please have you time	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	How do I request a refund?
0	the wedding gown i bought was too big for the bride, despite the fact that i put the size to follow	I need the dress before my wedding
0	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	i am in
0	My dispute is taking too long, why?	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
1	sir i have rupay debit card but not accept	Why you do not accept my credit card?
0	the seller sent wrong color	My order was sent to the wrong address, what to do?
0	Can you talked to me	I talked to the supplier but they keep ignoring me and not replying
0	I Am waiting for my refund	I notice my order is saying waiting for acceptance what do they mean
1	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	When will I receive a refund if the orders have been cancelled?
0	How do I get coupons or discounts	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
0	how do i search for seller	How do I search by product code?
0	how do I get my order number	How do I get photos without store number?
0	Can you tell me when will I order my order Me 2017-05-22 12:05 hello I have already written twice that you have not received my order. And you have cheated twice	If I cancel my order, can you tell me how long it will take for refund?
0	How can I do?	How can I do refund?
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	How can I check if you have my right address for delivery?
0	hmmmmm okay thanks	fine thanks and you?
0	i want to buy	I want to buy with a debit card, but I cannot.
0	can i ask my goods	How can i pay for my goods using my coupons?
0	you want to know how to add passport details	How do I know product details?
1	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	I need to speak to someone please
1	Can you delete my account and I will start again	Can you delete my account
0	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	How would I know if tracking number is available?
1	Change Shipping address	I want to change shipping address
0	you not understand me to help us	how can you understand me
0	I want to buy the cards in my shopping cart. How can I get you to print my instructions on them please?	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
0	I want to charge the fee.	I want to order 3 things with one shipping charge.
0	How do I know whether my order has been shipped	my order has not been shipped
1	estimated time delivery	what is delivery time to my country
1	connect me to a customer service agent	connect me to help desk
0	I finished dispute	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	can you ck only order?	I can not put my address on the site, says it only gives in English.
0	If your order shows 'order cancel',	website shows that my order already been delivered, but i did not received
0	how to stop receiving messages from seller	the seller does not answer my messages.
1	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	how much I need to pay for Customs duties or taxes
0	that was automatic answer	supplier does not answer
0	please initiate chat	is this chat online?
0	The only way to pay for the product is with the card?	Why I do not see a way to pay QIWI?
0	I can not pay for my order and hope that my card has not been charged several times blindly	I did not see any order history but my credit card was charged
0	I bought a coat on April 28 forgot the email and the password I have already paid for the credit card, and I have already made the order, follow the link of the product purchased	i have already ordered an item
0	pay for order	Can I pay the order with paypal?
1	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	the package i ordered says it was delivered to another country
0	how do I change shipping address	How do I add shipping address?
1	how to edit shipping address	How can I change the wrong shipping address?
0	How do I apply the Warranty Service?	how do i get to customer service
0	we do not need remove please we need person can understand me	can we go for a date?
0	why can i search for sex products on app	Can I resell your products?
0	I'm interested in a kind of Minnie sheet	I am interested in information on the dispute.
1	I love you.	I love you so much.
0	I want to group suppliers by country	Where can I get the phone number of suppliers?
1	i want to pay the amount with gift card	Can I pay with gift card?
1	customer service number	i need a number for customer service
1	the seller changed the shipping method?	the shipping method has changed due to the change of your shipping address
0	seller has not ship out my order	My seller has sent out the product. I want to cancel the order
0	i cant login my account	Why my Facebook login does not work?
1	what is a buyer protection?	Escrow Buyer Protection
0	Verify email address	I got the email to verify my account but there was no link
0	How to see the warranty	How can I see the rating of a seller?
0	High Quality 2016 Men Shoes Sport Lace Up Casual Shoes Men Flats Breathable Mesh Shoes Men Tenis size 39-48	Are the shoes replicas?
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	Can I use PayPal to purchase my items?
0	I want a new order. There is a problem signing in to your account.	I want to change the order. Do I need cancel all orders and open new ones?
0	do you have a solution for that	Do you have friends?
0	why is my order been cancelled?	Why my order have not been cancelled?
1	are u a live person	How do I get a live person
0	the seller have other behavior	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
1	Unable to create an account	can not create an account
0	I was charged for an item I thought I purchased but never received it and can't find a trace of in on my orders	i cant call you
1	I want to know more about the product	I want to know more about product specifications.
1	I have problem product	I have a problem.
0	Unable to open an account	I am unable to open a dispute
0	The payment was by ticket	How to make payment with Doku?
0	My order has been retained in the Portuguese customs, I need a proof of purchase, invoice, receipt, how can I do?	How do I confirm my order has been received?
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	Which colors I want?
0	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	Why do not I have points for my orders?
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
0	it does not work	How does Moneybookers work?
1	once again i will try, it can work my visa gift card	Can my visa gift card work?
0	I want to know more about the product	I want to know more about payment method.
0	How can I put the store on the black list?	How can I add store to My Favorite Store?
0	So far, this chat isn't going well.	Transaction not going through
0	how to add additional feedback in mobile	how to add to my favorite
1	I have problem with you guys	I have a problem with coupon
0	I had a dispute	I had a problem with your order
0	I did not change my address. After collecting my additional money, I was told that the seller does not ship to my region.	I have charged additional fees for my purchase
1	Is cash on delivery option is available?	Can I purchase by cash in delivery?
1	can i talk to a live person?	I want to talk to person
0	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	How long does seller process the order?
0	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	can I open dispute if the payment has already been released
0	So who will provide a answer	Who is the seller?
0	I want to pay,	I want to pay Mastercard
1	Duplicate payments to solve	Why I made the payments twice?
1	hi who is there	Who are you?
1	really need a human to talk to	may i talk with human?
0	ok but I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
1	why my order canceled shipment	It said my order was canceled. Do you know why?
0	how to cancel the dispute?	I cancel a dispute, can I reopen dispute?
1	What are the shipping method?	Which shipping method is better?
1	someone used my account	I did not create this account, someone else created this account. Used my email
0	I got a new bank card and I would like to pay with it. Where can I change my datas?	I would like to change the zip code on my mailing address
1	could u plse check if refund is due	How to check if I have refund or not?
0	how to open a dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	Hello, I just made an order but I was wrong in the delivery address, how can I change it?	i have just made an order
0	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	i order a dress and paid and want to know how long until they ship it
1	add video evidence	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	hi, why i cannot pay with ideal?	I cannot pay for purchase
0	delete wish list	Can other people see my wish list?
1	how to get warranty	What are warranty products?
1	kinds of payment method	I want to know more about payment method.
0	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	Why the seller does not send items or reply to message?
0	I want love dispute open but i can't	i cant speak english
0	visa credit card. It was expired and now renewed	Do not use a credit card
0	i cancelled my order with the seller already	website shows that my order already been delivered, but i did not received
0	how to open a dispute?	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	I can pay when receiving goods	How can I extend the period of receiving the shipment?
0	I just read that you have rejected my appeal!	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
0	seller shipping address	my courier change the shipping address
0	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	I need to cancel order, in my order no option to cancel
0	hi eva. im having a problem with an order	I am having problem with a merchant.
1	how do I change shipping address	I can not change the shipping address
1	how to pay local currency	I want to pay in other currency.
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us us dollars or our currency?	I know that you are a robot.
0	it said it was unsuccessful in loading it	the loading time is too long when I try to sign in
1	how to delete orders	Is it possible to delete history of orders
0	I only want my money back that is my only question	will I get my money back if the order is cancelled
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	How do I return the goods?
0	the part where you have to write the code seems defective	Why do you write nonsense on my questions?
1	Thanks for your feedback	Thanks for your feedback.
0	i want to remove my credit card from my account	I want remove My order
0	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	How long for a dispute to end?
1	hello, I have a quesion. I ordered product to New Zealand with alie express shipping est. delivery 13-20 days. One time I ordered e packet to new zealand est. delivery 20-40 days. However the e packet arrived within 12 days. Is e packet usually faster to n	In how many days can I expect my delivery
0	I have already via this page and it was no problem.	I have a problem.
1	I want to cancel the order	I want to cancel my order.
0	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	i have a problem with a order.
0	one package for the order	I want refund for one finished order
0	i don't go to my address email. help me	my order can't go through
0	wanting place an order but i cannot	i just place an order
0	password retrieval process	Why nobody process my claim?
0	before placing order	I confirm order before I got it. What can i do?
1	How to leave feedback in seller store	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	Where can I find the search function photo search	How can I search the products with lower price?
0	I bought the wrong product when the money is due	I have cancelled order due wrong behavior of supplier, please send money back
0	how to delete item in shopping cart	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
1	How to leave feedback on App?	How do I leave feedback for the seller?
0	Hello, Is there a location where I can find the invoices of my purchases?	Where can I pick up my purchases?
0	when my pay will cancelled	When will I receive money for cancelled order?
1	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	i cannot seem to be able to order
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	I have received my order, how to confirm?
0	how to claim coupon	how to cancel a claim?
1	I just want to remove credit card from site	I want to remove my card details
1	this is robot?	are you robot or human?
1	how do i talk to service team	how do I chat with the services team
0	I can't write English	I can not write my Danish address
1	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	i ordered some products and received a size smaller.
0	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	I already made the transfer today. What will happen?
1	how do I do?	How do I do that?
0	How to reset account password	i tried to reset password but did not work
0	So how can I do that	How can I do refund?
0	i just sent a post	I just bought a product and need it to be sent to a different address
0	save card details	What are product details?
1	hi,I have a question. how I can send my item to china?	I want to send a product to China
1	and l do not know english and the translator is not going	I do not know English.
0	I have not receive my money yet	When can I receive the money in my card?
0	how can I cancel the order	How can I customize my order?
0	I can pay when receiving goods	What can I do if the order finished when I return the goods?
0	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	do u help anyone?
0	I can't change my shipping name	Can I change my shipping to free shipping?
1	how do i go to customer care	why don't you have customer care number
0	via bank card	I paid via master card, how can I receive refund?
0	I want to verify if my order was processed	there is no link in my email to verify it. what should i do
1	for customs taxes	How much taxes to pay?
0	and its cost me in my health already	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	Hi, I need help with my appeal	I need help with my Visa
0	I am saying you only take us dollars?	I am waiting for the refund to be credited to my card, how long will it take?
1	i cancelled an order and i need my money to go back on my card immediately	If my order is not verified will I get my money back?
0	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	I already contacted you last time
0	who can give me information	Please call me.
1	I want a live chat	how can i get to live chat
0	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	When can I leave feedback?
0	my cart is empty	Why my wish list is empty?
0	is your site secure	Copyright infringement on your site
0	How to response my dispute case	How to open case?
0	Where to see coupon page	Where do I get the checkout page?
0	already received product	i already paid
0	my email is	Why is my email shown as used?
0	Not yet shipped	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
0	I forgot the security question	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	waiting for reply	Where is the reply?
1	how contact the seller	How can I contact the seller to send information?
1	change order details	Can I change an order?
0	i mean is that the case?	How can I reopen a dispute case?
0	you want to know how to add passport details	i want to know how my order is?
0	i cannot send any message to the vendors	How do I send a message to seller?
0	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	can you send package to my country?
1	how do I cancel dispute	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	How do i add evidence	How do I add a favorite store?
0	this happened twice already	please tell me what happened to my items
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017 go to hell	I want to know what items I bought last time
0	i email the seller already	i already paid
0	talk to me eva	I need someone to talk to me in Portuguese
0	My tracking is not working.	What is my tracking number?
0	where can I find "EDIT member profile"?	How do I find my member id?
1	turn me back to operator	can i speak with operator?
0	order not received seller not answer	The seller does not answer. What to do?
0	My refund is not at the correct price. What should I do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	hello, there no chat now available since yesterday until now. why?	Sorry, nothing is available to order now.
0	I need to do an urgent quick shop	How can I shop with cart?
0	i ordered the item in april	I have ordered an item and I cannot pay it by bank transfer
0	I want to confirm that I received the merchandise and I'm happy with it but i can't log in	I cannot confirm order received.
1	Hi. I have not received my products, and the status is finished now.	I have not received my parcel
1	how to apply warranty	Is there any warranty with the product?
1	how do i reactivate my account	Why I cannot reactivate my account?
0	i don't have delete signed	I don't know how to use it.
0	I pay seller and my order never arrive	I would like to know when my order will arrive
0	already received product	How do I cancel order if product is already shipped?
0	how to get coupon?	How to get a coupon back?
0	order detail page	I want to know the contact detail of a seller.
0	I am trying to pay for my order. Can I pay with iDeal?	I am trying to pay with a visa card and it is not allowing me to pay
0	It was not bank transfer	Do you have bank transfer?
0	how can I remove from cart?	How do I pay all orders from Shopping Cart?
0	Hi i want to ask where my sneakers are, thank you	I want to ask for a refund
0	What is wish list	It will not save things to my wish list
0	How to upload MP4 in dispute	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	i cannot send any message to the vendors	I cannot sign in and there is no error message
1	I want a real person &amp; NOT a robot.	Can i speak to a real person?
1	change order details	I want to change size in an order
0	how to find seller rating	How can I leave poor rating for seller?
0	the chat button does not work	Why the Shopping cart button does not work?
0	Iam doing singing in my account but it is not working	The coupon is not working
0	How can i pay for my purchase?	I cannot pay for purchase
0	I received my orders and all of the costumes are too small. I need much larger sizes and are performance is coming up soon. Can I have three new costumes shipped out asap?	I want to change the order. Do I need cancel all orders and open new ones?
0	I have my credit card with you for instant pay,	When will I receive my refund if I pay with Credit Card?
0	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	Why I have not received any update in my dispute?
0	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I change a feedback on the seller and the goods?
0	When i pay for an item in the shopping cart, you already have my credit card details saved, I'm not happy with that.	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
0	How long is my order arriving? Is it over? Will I have the refund?	How long before mediation is over?
0	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Where can I find the messages I have sent to the suppliers?
1	how to edit contact	How do I edit my member profile?
1	I try now	I'll try to figure it out
1	how to get boleto refund	When will I receive refund if I pay by Boleto?
1	How to delete order?	how do i delete order history
0	the above question	sorry wrong question
0	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
0	how to upload evidence on dispute	How long is the examination of the evidence of the dispute?
0	reset account password	Why can not I reset password?
0	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	How can I get same day shipping?
0	my orders were cancelled	What is You have Orders which were not placed successfully?
1	How do I manage my shopping cart	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
0	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	What will happen after I escalated dispute?
0	What is buyers protection	Can I contact other buyers?
1	Hi John, I have a question.	please i have a question
1	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	I just placed an order but did not receive a confirmation
0	i havent received my goods	I have not received my goods and the sender has not responded to my message
0	I want to complaint	how do I close a complaint
0	I gave up buying a product but I want information that is not paid back	I want to send back the goods.
0	but i am after this period	How long is the complaint period?
0	how to see buyer protection	How do I pay securely without Buyer Protection?
0	its take too long time	the loading time is too long when I try to sign in
0	question and answer	Would it be possible you answer my question
1	seller is not not trying to refund or replace	the seller does not want to approve refund
0	i did not forgot my password. i just want to change it frequently.	I just ordered something but I want to change the name for the receiver
0	How to set that no one can send message	How can I see message?
0	How to check select coupon	The coupon offered on this item is not showing at check out
1	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	the seller never sent my order
0	now haven't received payment returned	How long will payment by bank transfer be received?
0	what is escrow fee	What is Escrow?
1	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	I want to know the product details
0	reply me soon	Where is the reply?
0	About a month or so i was asked to provide validation documents. I submitted all the documents you requested. It hasnt been two months and i am being asked to submit them again. What the fuck? Why?	We are being asked for payment when it has already been made
1	hello, I had received massage through phone app that my order delivered, but however the item I did not receive	i did not receive the order
0	I am trying to buy an item with a $50 store promo coupon but when i go to pay it says i do not have any coupons although i clicked on the coupon mutiple time	I am trying to place an order but it says error
0	How can I access my mobile orders on my PC?	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
0	will you deliver to usa	How do I deliver goods to China?
1	how do i go to customer care	can i have the customer care hotline
0	sorry, you cannot help me	Could you please help me?
0	Yes product same seller same item	I accidentally ordered doubly the same product
1	Do you speak italian?	Do you speaker italian?
1	Hello! I have closed the dispute on may 21, 2017 and says that the refund will be made. When will be refunded the money?	I have orders in dispute, when I will have my money back
1	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
0	how to stop receiving messages from seller	How do I order from the same seller?
0	l placed an order from spain to spain	you ship to Spain
0	Hi I want to buy something but seller have to adjust price, my system goes automatically and does not allow for seller to adjust please help	I want to reactivate my account. Please help.
0	Can I ever report abuse of card usage?	There is not a Report Abuse button
0	I want a job at a company	Can I choose shipping company?
0	what will happen when I open dispute	I open dispute but get no response. What happens?
0	how to open a dispute on app	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
1	i cannot pay an order	Why can't I pay my order?
0	Hi there can you please help me with a problem about a jacket I bought it's one size small it doesn't fit how can I send it back and get one bigger size	Can I choose this size?
1	is there a phone number i may call?	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call
0	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	I would like to place an order.
0	I have already send the proof to your colleagues	I wonder how do I send proof of payment of my purchases
1	are you computer?	are you a computer
0	I have a question about a CNC machine	Have you a person or a machine?
0	the seller just said that need to wait some days.	i need some help with a order
0	where to put my card number	Where is your account number?
1	contact the seller?	I need to contact the seller of order
0	I am saying you only take us dollars?	I am waiting for a refund. How long it will take?
0	We tried to sign in for an account and the code part does not work	My product does not work
0	I don't need automatic answers.	I don't know how to use it.
0	Are you married?	I got married and my last name is changed now
0	how many items I add in my wish list	How do I add store to wish list?
0	How can I add paypal	How can I add store to My Favorite Store?
0	Credit card confirmation	How much is credit card commission?
0	how to advance search	How do I search product?
0	could help me	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
1	Can american express be used?	I would like to know if you accept American Express
0	Do you actually have any other answer for me	Do you have any suppliers without any complaint record?
0	l ordered from spain to spain now they send the order from china?	are you from china
0	Do you have a representative in Saudi Arabia?	Do you have feelings?
1	how to check buyer's protection	How do I check Buyer Protection deadline?
1	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	How do I confirm my order has been received?
1	have sent an email with my passport and credit card photos	I has sent you a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What will happen?
0	i want to buy	I want to buy 4 items in one transaction
1	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	I need change the email address.
0	I had a dispute	I opened dispute and had no feedback from seller.
0	how i become a seller	How do I become a reseller?
0	how to use reward points	How to use promotion code?
0	how to place order without paying it?	Can I get goods without paying taxes?
0	how do i delete my account	How do I delete My order list?
1	Okay thank you help I appreciate that have a nice day thanks	thank you very much for your help
0	What is my payment status?	Please tell me what my dispute status is.
1	I need ask give number	Give us tracking number
0	Can you cancel?	Can the coins return to me if I cancel preorder?
0	Hi, I am in Hong Kong. do you have staff or shop or office in HK?	Can you tell me the reason why I am not able to shop by Visa card?
1	i cant login my account	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	I have received partial order
0	I have an issue	I'm having an issue with an order I placed
0	how to use coupons	How to get seller coupons?
0	I want clear out one of my account, name is "je"	I want to edit my name on shipping address
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	I have nothing to do now
0	i can't open the dispute because i have a message telling me that i have to wait for the seller to send the package but the seller told me to open the dispute because the package was stopped by customs	Do I need to return the package if I open a dispute?
0	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	I have shipped back my items and have not received my money back
1	DO U SPEAK FRENCH PLEASE	do you speak french?
1	customer service number	what is your customer service phone number
0	What do you say i don't understand you	Eva did you understand my question
0	and I need to cancel the dispute	I need to cancel my duplicated order
0	where to put my card number	I put wrong address on my order
0	because we travail from KSA to Egypt in this date please	The taxes we pay are too high for importing products from your site
0	how to open dispute	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
0	please answer me	Please call me.
0	I had not receive my merchandise	I had to go
0	my cart is empty	I received an empty parcel
0	Please cancel my account as details are wrong	I want to reactivate my account. Please help.
0	and until now I have had no answers	Do not want any e-mail notification to inform
0	I want to complaint	I want email address to make complaint.
0	What is sellers coupon	I did not receive my coupon, what can I do?
0	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	What should I do to get my refund?
0	but i use ATM	Can I use Paysafe?
0	how to check coupons?	how to check dispute reason
0	and there have not called me	I have several orders that were paid but not sent to me.
1	Hello, my payment is not going through and I know my credit card works	Why did my payment by credit card fail?
1	Nice to know you.	nice to meet you
0	my order is cancelled	will I get my money back if the order is cancelled
1	how i print invoices	what can i print receipt?
0	i just want my fucking password	I just want to say Hi.
0	I cancel order and status refund ist not change	I want to cancel the order and receive a refund.
1	steps on how to contact seller?	How can I contact the seller to send information?
0	i need a part	Part Order Shipped
0	AND THAT I GOT A LANTERN BUT THE SELLER DOES NOT MEET MY MESSAGE!	I got a message saying internet connection problems
1	How do I manage my shopping cart	How do I remove items from Shopping Cart?
0	please look on my question here before	I need some advise here please.
1	How do I use a coupon or discount	I have a coupon, how do I use it in my new order?
1	my order is cancelled	My payment is good but my order was cancelled.
0	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
1	how to report your seller	How do I report a seller?
0	i have not recieved my money	i have not received my order and i want my money back
1	I am asking to combine orders for payment	How does combine payment work?
1	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	I paid for my items and the shipping address is wrong
0	not want automatic answer	The seller is not answer me
0	seller has not ship my order	I submit cancellation of order request, but my seller has denied it.
1	need to check my order	need help on my order
1	Dispute finished. Seller agreed to refund but refund not received.	I am trying to request a refund from seller but states dispute is finished
0	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	you dont get what i say to you
0	thanks for your help	thank for your useless help
0	Where to find a postal identifier	Where do I find discount coupons?
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	would like to know how will receive a refund
0	so answer me"!"/!/"	Thank you so much for your answer.
0	how to open a dispute on app	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	I have not received my order I can not see any track of it on my account
1	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	the country in my track order is wrong
0	how to respond dispute	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
0	I asked a couple of questions?	I have posted a number of questions to suppliers, no answer yet
0	aparece Status: Fund Processing	I want to cancel Fund Processing
1	is this a fucking computer?	Is this a computer or a real person
0	My issue here is my order not receive and your customer service not reachable. Please help.	Why my order was cancelled for risk issue?
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	on your site I have not found this product, can you help me find him?
0	How do I cancel account?	How do I cancel the payment?
0	who will reimbursement seller on aliexpress	who are you?
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please.	i have cancelled the order and it shows Awaiting Cancellation
0	I am trying to buy an item with a $50 store promo coupon but when i go to pay it says i do not have any coupons although i clicked on the coupon mutiple time	Can I have coupon?
1	I have been waiting for disputes to end. At the same time the seller says I have not paid the money.	I have been waiting weeks to hear back from my complaint case
1	how can I pay paypal?	Can I pay the order with paypal?
0	email us button	Do I have to pay taxes to us customs
1	Don't bother helping. This is not helping.	this is not helping
0	i mistakenly cancelled my order after made the payment. But i want my order to be done. What can i do?	My order is cancelled and I want my money back.
0	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	Could you help me to open a dispute?
0	I have ordered with an incorrect email address	i need a email address
0	please read above	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
1	how to get invoice	How do I get my invoice?
0	Hi there, I'm trying to view a product I ordered but I don't have access	i ordered product
0	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	I was told that I was sent an email but I do not know where it is
1	unable to find the address	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	My order is very late, and the vendor do not reply my messages	You reply very fast.
0	I feel like I talk with a robot and I don't like this.	i would like a refund
0	how to delete item in shopping cart	How long the products can be kept in Shopping Cart?
0	i need the last 4 digits	I want to buy 4 items in one transaction
0	can you see my question?	I have a question can you help?
0	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	I want to revise refund request
0	How to register an account	Can I register an account for free?
0	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	This order will be automatically cancelled if the supplier does not ship your order
0	i see that you don't help me.i can't wait more time	How much time to wait for resolution of the dispute?
1	Can I still leave a feedback if the feedback button is already expired?	Why I cannot leave feedback?
0	I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me an error when sending	It generates an error 404
0	I did not receive my order but tracking says it delivered	my order saying awaiting for receive items
0	My money is not in my account	My order was closed, but money was deducted from my bank account.
0	Ryley knows my problem	What is the problem in my order
0	what time is it?	What is on-time delivery?
0	I need top ten items sold in 2017	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	how to remove debit card from account	remove from mailing list
1	hi i need to cancel my order please and need my money refunded as soon as possible	I need to cancel my duplicated order
1	I finished dispute	What is dispute finished?
0	The only way to pay for the product is with the card?	Is there a different way to pay an order without using a credit card?
0	You're saying same things. The buyer protection has ended. I didn't receive my order.	my order saying awaiting for receive items
0	do you have a solution for that	Do you have boyfriend?
0	how to find order	How do I find out if my order has been shipped?
1	how to reset my account password	I forget my account password
1	can i speak to a human please	i need to speak with a human
0	hi the information showed DELIVERED FAILED? WHATS THIS MEAN?	Whats wrong with this order
1	is this a human being?	can I talk with a human?
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	How can I change my shipping address?
0	I want a new order. There is a problem signing in to your account.	I want to transfer the payment to another new order
1	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	How can I get my password back?
0	how to contact s	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
1	how to find a product?	I want to know how to find the product
0	i have a cuestion	i have a dispute with the seller
0	My system goes straight to pay	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	so? i can;t	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	how to upload videos	I need a function to upload photos
0	i my order have been sent on may 3rd and it's still in transit. WHY?	I have been sent a faulty item
1	I paid my order several times, because?	I paid one time but money goes like I paid two times
0	dear i want not buy. its for place a order and the seller can change the price	I want to place an order but I cannot
1	to find my order number etc.	How to find my order number?
0	COME TO MY BED	How come my order is not being approved?
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	I need to pay in several parts
1	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	I cannot open dispute
0	ok but I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	What does sold by piece mean?
1	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us us dollars or our currency?	I would like to pay in Euros not in US dollar.
0	I paid this shoes I HAVEN'T NEVER RECEIVE	i will never never never ever buy anything else from this website
0	I had a dispute	I can not open a dispute since confirmed that I had received an order
0	Escalate Judgement from AE	Why no response after escalate dispute?
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	can i tell with someone?
0	The wireless charger l received is faulty and doesn't charge	How can l see my message
0	No, I need an answer from you.	you dont answer my questions
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	I have not received payment within 10 days
1	i need to chat now	I want live chat?
1	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us dollars or our currency?	I want to change currency
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
1	I want refund	I want the refund
0	l do not want more money l want my shipment and fast for that l pay an extra the time l need to understand?	l am very disappointed with my order
0	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	why my order frozen even the supplier already shipped?
0	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	I placed order twice and want to cancel one.
0	how to get a seller coupon	How can I get the coupon?
1	A product does not match and does not work	The product received is not good does not work, what can I do?
0	i am a little afraid my order has gotten lost. it has been 20 days and has not left china?	my order has been frozen?
0	I want to charge the fee.	How much I need pay for the shipping fee?
0	its about login area	We do not have area code.
0	When i pay for an item in the shopping cart, you already have my credit card details saved, I'm not happy with that.	Why I failed to pay with my credit card?
1	why my order canceled shipment	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
0	I can not pay because "You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again."	My coupon is expired, what can I do?
1	I have pay with the bank	How do I pay with bank transfers?
0	which country do you live?	Do you send orders to my country?
0	How can I find sellers feedback in me, in the app (android)	How do I find reliable sellers?
0	Need return address for two pair of tennis shoes or exchange for one size larger	How can I exchange for a different size
0	Turkey is above 30 euros from property taxes to Drews can be a measure of how you will	can i speak with you from telephone?
0	how to pay china daily order	How to track via China post
0	how to add passport information	how to add friends by TM
0	What is sellers coupon	What are the other methods to contact sellers?
0	but it's written "delivery failed"	it's supposed to be the first woman's name ever!
0	I need tracking info	i need help with tracking my shipment
1	I need a real person for help	can I speak with a real person?
0	really so I have to stay online for yet another half hour?	i would like to pay half with one credit card and half with another credit card
0	how to extend buyer protection time	How do I become eligible for buyer protection?
0	always refunding progress	May I know the progress of my order
0	i am very upset	l am very disappointed with my order
0	I would like to get in touch with responsible for marketing in sweden...	I would like to pay in Euro
1	do you speak portuguese?	Do you speak
0	I didnt receive a single order that i made from Apr	Can I import 1 single item?
0	Do you have a representative in Saudi Arabia?	Do you have brother?
1	Sorry for my english. I speak french.	I don't speak english
0	can you send goods to iran?	When will you send my goods?
0	i need to locate a store	I cannot locate my order
1	are you human? I need help	I need help man.
1	Hi, I am not able to open my account	I am not able to create an account
1	please translate into portuguese	Someone in Portuguese?
0	How to response my dispute case	what is my case number?
1	how to stop receiving mails	No more mails please
0	Hello I would like to know I have 3 coupons but I do not know how much is worth in franc thank you	Where are the coupons I bought?
0	My app coins were not added. What can I do	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	do you ship to iran?	Do you ship things together?
0	I still have the problem that I do not change the product sent nok	Please call me.
1	I cannot see western union option on mac checkout page	Why there is no Western Union option
1	I can not take your tablet. I need to bill the tablet.	I need bill
0	and i know you have a large market base in nigeria	i have ordered stuffs and i wanna know when you gonna post them
1	seller made no response	I send a lot of messages to seller but always no response!
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	I am trying to place an order and for some reason it does not let me
0	Can you see if i had paid please? If so i need it tracked.	I paid for my product. But when I enter the site I can not see it.
0	what the fuck you talking about	i am talking about order number
0	i am not received my order	I am still waiting for my partial refund for this order
1	where i can ask? because i want to know how can i use that money... it is too low to return back to me	How can I get back my money on this order?
1	this is online chat?	chat with an agent
1	how can I adjust the product at the time of delivery??	How do I extend the product receipt time?
0	Hello, I have tried several times to pay and every time I fill the card information and click pay the website tells me there has been and error. I have tried around five times now and it just says that there may be something wrong with the information but	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
0	My credit data has to be updated. How should I do it? can you guide me to do that please	What should I do to get my refund?
1	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	How many days I will receive my order?
0	what is the meaning of Cancelled Orders Finished	what happen to my orders
0	i am a little afraid my order has gotten lost. it has been 20 days and has not left china?	refund has not been received. has been more than 10 days
1	Hello! I have closed the dispute on may 21, 2017 and says that the refund will be made. When will be refunded the money?	When will I get my money for a closed dispute?
0	delete credit card	Somebody used my credit card.
0	talked to you yesterday about my account	can you tell me something about the status of my orders
0	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
0	i dont want to cancel	I want to cancel Fund Processing
0	have sent an email with my passport and credit card photos	I do not have a credit card
0	Im interested in purchasing 7 chinese wall lights need little more information	I have paid for my order for more than 7 days by bank transfer, but my order is still pending payment.
0	Unable to sign for an account	How can I sign in to account?
0	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	when will you send my order
0	the tracking number is not available, so i contacted the seller	How can I find my tracking number?
1	I can't change my shipping name	Can I change my shipping address?
1	how do I cancel dispute?	How to cancel dispute?
0	Hello, how can I sponsor a friend?	hello my friend
0	add card on payment	What kind of card can be used for payment?
0	I need my refund	I need to by a product for my daughter.
0	how to block to block the seller	How do I report a seller?
0	Did not pay back	Who pay for the shipping fee for sending the goods back?
0	Eva, I have not received shipping and tracking info on my order. I also have messaged the seller 2 times within the last few days and have not received a reply.	I have received the goods and I also received full refund.
0	I bought a coat on April 28 forgot the email and the password I have already paid for the credit card, and I have already made the order, follow the link of the product purchased	I have already made the payment and do not send me the order
0	hello my mastercard isn't accepted although i have 3d secure...	I do not have Mastercard
1	could u plse check if refund is due	where should I check my refund?
0	Hello, Is there a location where I can find the invoices of my purchases?	How do I know the location of my order?
0	its already an half of year	I already paid the order
0	how can i email	How can I unsubscribe the email from you?
0	who pay tax	Who will pay for my buyer protection service as a buyer?
0	extend buyer protection.	Is Buyer Protection the same as Escrow?
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	I don't know.
1	i have some question. so tell me your email address	I have question for you
1	i bought five cell phones and ipad	I have paid
0	Hi, can you verify an invoice?	How do you verify the legitimacy of your companies?
0	Can you delete my account and I will start again	You can send the goods once again when I already paid?
0	refund status unresolved	Product status awaiting receipt
0	Contact your reseller in his name Yvone Lee	What is your beneficiary name?
0	question and answer	do you have an answer on my question
0	the part where you have to write the code seems defective	can you write in Italian?
0	i log in to webpage and i get this message :We have noticed an unusual activity in your account. This might be because you tried to sign in from another location or device. To protect your account we have temporarily locked it. To regain access, please pro	The taxes we pay are too high for importing products from your site
0	How to extend buyers protection?	How can I contact the other buyers in the Transaction History?
0	how to scan qr code	How can I use the coupon or coupon code?
0	my orders are doubled how do I start over	My processing time is over and I want to extend.
0	I have a projector that I bought and came with a defect I tried to open a dispute and the website suggested that I negotiate with the store, I tried to negotiate, the store promised to send another projector, I did my part I resent and I did not receive th	i tried to reset password but did not work
0	what time is it in China?	What is China Post Air mail?
1	Don't bother helping. This is not helping.	you dont answer my questions
1	Please cancel my account as details are wrong	how to cancel my account
0	How to response the proposal in my dispute case	I wonder if there is any response for my escalated dispute.
1	Hello, can you help me?	Can you help me?
1	how to upload picture	i do not know how to upload pictures
0	I just want to know if my order has been sent	Order has been placed, but want to change my shipping address
0	I CANNOT BUY FROM CART	I will buy from other website
1	how to set my currency	How do I select currency?
1	i havent received my goods yet	I have not received my goods, what can I do
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	How can I change dispute if seller agreed?
1	They sent me a defective product. Both products are not the same. I just demand the fee.	Seller gave me a defective item
1	i need open dispute	How do I open dispute?
0	what is rewards points	I do not have my points
0	I want to know, what happen with my causes?	I sent all materials to verify my credit card. What will happen?
0	I have no visa card and debit card	i have debit card
0	i just want to log in but where is my password	I cannot log in to my account
0	Hi, my expiry date on my has expired how do I change the date as I heave a new card with a newe date.	I have a coupon, how do I use it in my new order?
0	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	I pressed Pay Now button 3 times. What can I do?
0	all orders are from different sellers	How do I pay all orders from Shopping Cart?
0	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	do you have product send to my country?
1	Ho do You speak italian?	do you speak russian
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
1	so please you can help me	can u please help me?
0	i want to cancel my credit card	i want to make want payment from credit card
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	I sent my item back
0	how to change card details	How do I change my bank details?
0	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	I cancelled my refund request by mistake
1	Because my order never gets in hold always goes to paid instantly	I never received my order
1	can you read?	can you read
1	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	do you have a contact number i could call to talk about my dispute please?
0	save credit card	My credit card is overcharged
1	I want to talk to a man.	I want to talk with an agent
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	I have received an email (Your order has been frozen due to supplier suspension)
0	hello anyone their	Can anyone be a member?
0	how to check feedback?	how to check the order?
0	how to remove card	how to remove goods already received
1	i want to be connected with a real person	can i get a real person to answer question?
0	there is no link to click	Why there is no verification link in the email?
0	I bought a coat on April 28 forgot the email and the password I have already paid for the credit card, and I have already made the order, follow the link of the product purchased	What if I already paid?
0	is it possible to export a report of all my shopping?	Is it possible to change my last name?
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	I would like to know how I can cancel my order.
0	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	I want solution to my dispute escalated for more than 90 days
0	they sent me a note and ask me to appeal	The seller said no stock and ask me to cancel it
0	Cancelled Orders is showing order list means	I would like to see the order in My Orders list
1	I can't open track order	I cannot track my order
1	I need a real person for help	can i chat with a real person
0	my payment was failed	I am trying to pay with a Visa credit card but it keeps saying payment failed
0	i receive the order after getting refund	Why does my order keep getting closed after payment?
1	Forgot login how to restore?	How do I get login ID?
0	i want to know is that any store with that name	I want to order the product in the store which no feedbacks.
0	how to edit dispute?	How do I edit my profile?
1	Hi, can you verify an invoice?	I made an order from you. Where can I find my invoice?
0	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	Can you make a decision for my dispute?
1	what is the meaning of Cancelled Orders Finished	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
0	I can`t enter my credit card	If I use my credit card, is it secure?
1	are you an actual person?	Have you a person or a machine?
1	Are you able to help me?	Could you help me please
0	who can give me information	please let me know
0	Hello, Is there a location where I can find the invoices of my purchases?	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
1	Hi How are you. I have a question as I am a new customer	I am new user and i have ask
0	to find my order number etc.	I cannot find my order number online
0	I have not received my order..?	I want to confirm that I have received my order
0	I already did this is nothing.	I already paid but it appeared like I did not
0	i am in mexico, do i need an permission to receive my orden?	how do I receive my refund order? in my bank account?
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
0	Can can send my email	How can I change my email? I put a wrong email.
0	sorry My credit card data	Someone used my credit card without authorization
0	i did not receive my refund yet	I did not receive a verification link in my email
0	I do not want to cancel my order	I want to cancel my order but the cancel order option is not available anymore
1	Can you talked to me	can you help me with
1	how to use paypal	Why I cannot use PayPal?
0	how to exchange coins	How can I exchange for a different size
1	i want to pay the amount with gift card	Can I pay with a gift card?
0	Don't remember account login name and password, how to operate can I find my account name and password?	Can I change my last name on this account?
0	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	Can I change the ratings I gave about a product?
1	where is the dispute detail page	Where do I find information on dispute?
0	how to make an appeal	How do I make payment?
0	can you answer me	could you answer me in English please?
1	alright. Moving goods within the EU does not have to pay taxes if the seller has already paid taxes.	I am confused if I will have to pay customs taxes and duties
1	how i print invoices	how can i print the invoice for my order
0	how many item I will received	How can I do if there is too many results?
0	no, you need cancel my email for me to buy again	I need to cancel my duplicated order
0	I have not received the products	I was told that I was sent an email but I do not know where it is
0	i received only one shows in my order	One of my order was canceled by seller. how can i receive my money back?
1	Do I need to pay custom duty	How do I know if I will have to pay duty on a shipment
0	my shipment still not dispatched	When will I get my shipment?
0	hello, good night	Did you have a good sleep last night?
0	I tried to pay for my order and the system went down, Now it is giving me an error when I try to pay and it shows system down	The system incorrectly recorded my feedback and now I cannot revise it.
0	ship back address	do they ship to
1	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	Can I talk with you?
0	Application Programming Interface	How can i switch to english version of interface?
0	how I pay money for my product what I choose	How can I choose the size?
0	change my credit card number	this i my order number
0	Hi Im having trouble placing an order Can you help me figure out whats wrong with your system?	can you help me with something
1	how do I cancel dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	how do I cancel account	how to cancel my account
0	I am trying to submit a return and the submit button is not working!	I am trying to order and it is not working
1	how I can contact with the factory person?	How can I contact seller?
0	i need developer account	do I need?
0	THE SYSTEM SAID DELIVERY FAILED	the system is busy
0	nooo I want to buy 100 and have no shipping seller is willing to adjust price but your system does not allowed	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
0	how to open dispute	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	i want to get receipt	I want to get human
1	where do I find the shopping cart	How do I add to the shopping cart?
0	THE SYSTEM SAID DELIVERY FAILED	Why the payment by Visa MasterCard failed?
0	How to I pass a appeal	how can i delete pass orders?
1	I am trying to buy an item with a $50 store promo coupon but when i go to pay it says i do not have any coupons although i clicked on the coupon mutiple time	I am unable to add coupon
0	What is an appeal?	What is the time there?
0	how to check membership level?	How much is the buyer membership?
1	Can you guys ship out the items with 1 day shipping?	I need it to be delivered in 1 to 2 day. I am willing to pay for it
1	My dispute is taking too long, why?	Why it is so long to solve the dispute for a refund?
0	visa credit card. It was expired and now renewed	Credit card type
0	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	do you have a phone number i can ring
0	how do I do?	How do I search product?
0	chat now not working	is this chat online?
0	I am trying to buy an item with a $50 store promo coupon but when i go to pay it says i do not have any coupons although i clicked on the coupon mutiple time	I have not received the coupon
0	respond on dispute	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
0	fabric on children's clothes	what's your name
0	order has been cancelled by credit card	I cannot pay your order by credit card
0	no, i can not order anything	I paid by TT and have not heard anything.
1	how to pay local currency	Can I see product prices in my local currency?
0	Don't bother helping. This is not helping.	dont speak english
0	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	How do I pay with my credit card?
1	hello can someone help	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	I want a live chat	How do I Live Chat?
1	how to remove debit card from account	How can I remove a card from my account?
1	how to report a seller?	How do I report a seller?
0	I could not pay for my order and I've already supplied an appeal and it was approved	How come my order is not being approved?
1	Hi, I need help	I need help on something
0	It has been almost half a year!	the order has not been sent
0	i need my money back on my card today	If I cancel my order, will I get my money back automatically
1	david howell hi i need a phone number or a human i cant never log on please help	i cant call you
1	i ordered the item in april	i ordered a product
0	chinese service representative	How to find online chat service representative quickly?
0	how do I apply for a refund	How do I get refund by Yandex?
0	Need return address for two pair of tennis shoes or exchange for one size larger	How do I merge two accounts to one?
1	hello, can I speak spanish?	do you speak spanish?
0	They sent me a defective product. Both products are not the same. I just demand the fee.	Can I order many products at same time?
1	I want invoice	How do I get invoice?
0	Please check the history on this site	i need delete history
0	what will happen when I open dispute	When will I receive refund after I open dispute?
0	Hello! I want to retreive my credit card info from my account. How can I do that?	I do not want to submit my credit card statement
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	Can I put you a question?
0	May I know if how will I be able to delete my account?	I am not able to see my account
1	I don't have a tracking number. I am trying to place an order	I am trying to place an order
1	When i pay for an item in the shopping cart, you already have my credit card details saved, I'm not happy with that.	I need to change my credit card details.
1	how to change card	How do I change credit card?
1	How do I add evidence or respond to my escalated dispute?	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
1	talk to someone	I need a number to call to talk to someone
0	i need the last 4 digits	Can I change my last name on this account?
0	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	i want to open an after sale dispute
0	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	I accidentally pressed a button to confirm the order and the goods are not received.
0	I have a question about taxes	I have a question on refund.
0	I would like to get in touch with responsible for marketing in sweden...	I would like to get a refund on my order.
0	where is the "here?"	Where is that at?
1	how to report the seller.	I want to report seller
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons?	My payment did not go through
1	my order isn't being processed	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	how do I report the seller?	How do I report other infringements of the rules?
0	I had placed an order for 17 items and I received two things and the rest of the orders got cancelled as payment was not made. But the money for all the 17 items have been taken from my bank.	I mistakenly placed two orders
0	how to remove credit card?	How much is credit card commission?
0	i email the seller already	I cannot create an account because the email already exists
0	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	and i am happy.
0	i am not able to see dispute option	I am not able to see my account
0	How to chance shipping courier	seller changed courier
0	Can american express be used?	Can Indian Rupees be used?
0	If I order a shipping free product, do i need to pay for custom duty in my country??	Can I change my shipping to free shipping?
0	how to add the reward points	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	Where to get a refund?	I do not get refund
1	i want coupon	Can I have coupon?
0	link open a dispute	It is impossible to open dispute.
0	I received my orders and all of the costumes are too small. I need much larger sizes and are performance is coming up soon. Can I have three new costumes shipped out asap?	I eat too much.
0	the order is close	how do I close a complaint
1	estimated delivery time.	the estimate time for delivery
1	I had placed an order for 17 items and I received two things and the rest of the orders got cancelled as payment was not made. But the money for all the 17 items have been taken from my bank.	i have been placed my order and have not received it
1	Visa credit card	Supported credit card types
0	i receive a email says i did not pay, but i have paid and i have the confirmation	I did not receive the confirmation of registration in my email.
0	I think the seller is not issuing my money	i think you are cute
0	how to get warranty	how to get my refund?
1	I just sent an email to you to get my credit card verified	When will you verify my credit card?
0	Hello, how can I invite friend	hello I have a problem with a store
1	im trying to use a coupon	How to use coupon?
1	my card has been used by someone	Someone used my credit card without authorization
1	i need my money back on my card today	How do I get my money back?
0	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	Can I get free shipping?
0	Don't bother helping. This is not helping.	i dont know how to finish my shopping
0	good evening I did not receive a parcel because it was handed over to another person I opened a dispute but the seller insists that the parcel is in customs and is in the hands of a carrier But I contacted the customs and posters, the parcel was delivered	The parcel is on the hand of the customs, how can I make the clearance?
0	I have been using American express until it was expired.	I have 2 expired coupons. Whenever I tried using them, it did not go through
0	how do I cancel order	How do I cancel order in Awaiting Delivery?
0	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	I want to know the delivery time of each shipping method
0	I can not make a purchase	where can I see the list of my purchase
1	i want to ship the order in china	I want to ship to Shanghai
0	So where can I FOUND COUPONS I EXCHANGED? WHERE ARE THEY?	Where can I get the phone number of suppliers?
0	How to leave feedback on App?	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	why can i search for sex products on app	Can I search by country?
1	MONEY NOT RETURNED	My order was cancelled, but the money is not returned, what do I do?
0	THE SYSTEM SAID DELIVERY FAILED	I am failed to open a dispute
1	why the price of product did not change	Why it does not show promotion price?
1	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	Why the same order credit two times?
0	fast shipping courier	how fast i can get my order.
1	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	How do I make a refund request?
0	what time is it in China?	What is the cost for shipping to China?
0	how i print invoices	How can I print my order
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	how many item I will received	I never received my item. it was closed by mistake.
0	I want to pay,	I want to pay by installments
0	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	Can I open a finished dispute
0	I placed an order and canceled but I was deducted. can you confirm if my money will be reversed to my account?	I paid for my order but the payment is unsuccessful and my money was deducted
0	I did not change my address. After collecting my additional money, I was told that the seller does not ship to my region.	I want my order to ship to a different address
1	I love you.	I love you.
0	How to find the item ship from USA	how can I find what I recently bought from you?
0	Is not there a human to attend to?	are you human
1	really need a human to talk to	i need a real human
0	I want to know, what happen with my causes?	What will happen to my order if the seller is closed?
1	Can american express be used?	I want to know if I can make my payment with American Express
1	how to block to block the seller	How do I blacklist a seller?
0	##I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them	I want to pay with visa card but i have a problem
0	how to find order number?	How can I find a product ID number?
0	they suggested me to wait for a while for the conformation	Why can not I use my coupon while it is valid?
0	your guys said that payment is on hold..	hold by the customs department
0	The address was right but said it was wrong. Why are you like this?	my ordered was delivered to the wrong address
0	How to edit on dispute	How do I edit a contact name?
1	how to extend buyer protection time	extend protection time
0	i haven't received my order	I fail to place my order.
0	I want to send you a photo for asking you if an item is available to any supplier of your site. Is it possible and how I can do that?	Can you send me a photo of you?
0	wear do i click	I click open dispute button but it does not work
0	so can you try to place the with the number to see what color you get	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	what will happen when I open a dispute	What will happen after I escalated dispute?
1	my price forward	What is the price?
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	I confirm order before I got it. What can i do?
0	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	Why my order was closed during dispute?
0	i just want to log in but where is my password	I cannot log in to my account.
0	I can only speak Japanese. However, you can respond at the translation site.	can i speak with operator?
1	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	I cancelled order. How long am i to wait for the refund?
0	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	Why I can not use my credit card?
0	i will visit China	I want to ship to China Mainland
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us us dollars or our currency?	Do you have sellers from the US?
0	how to use select coupon?	How to use register coupon?
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
1	I didnt receive a single order that i made from Apr	i did not receive the order
0	How to contact the seller	How do I blacklist a seller?
0	I've ordered something and tomorrow it's been 3 weeks and he's still not help me	I have been waiting weeks to hear back from my complaint case
0	The chat button is not working	chat with an agent
0	l paid an extra for the delivery because i need it in the short term	l am very disappointed with my order
0	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	He has sent me really nasty emails
0	How can I access my mobile orders on my PC?	How can i clear completed orders from My order list
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	I would like to know why my order was canceled.
0	May 8 send a phone to return to the address indicated and still do not know anything and nobody contacts me.	Please let me know your e mail address
0	I sent my documents	I was on holiday and my order was sent back to China
0	My order was stuck, so I opened a dispute. I won and got the refund, but now the item randomly arrived and I want to give the money back to the seller. What can I do?	I have not received the refund but I won the dispute
0	how to response in my dispute case	Case NO dispute
0	How to change my contact details	I need to change my credit card details.
1	how do i place the order	How do I place my order?
0	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	How can I check my dispute?
0	what is confirm goods received	I accidentally pressed a button to confirm the order and the goods are not received.
0	Is it true that I have to cancel the dispute before they can process a refund?	How can I have the refund?
1	why my order was cancelled?	Why my order was cancelled by email?
0	The chat does not work	PayPal does not work
0	I cannot upload video	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	My account was stolen. What can I do?
0	adding a credit card	Do not use a credit card
1	seller has not ship my order	The seller refuses to ship my order after I paid
0	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	I need your help. I ordered an item
1	please answer me	Please ， help me Urgently
1	what all doing	how are you doing!
1	Can I reopen a dispute	I cancel a dispute, can I reopen dispute?
0	where do I find the shopping cart	How do I remove items from Shopping Cart?
1	someone used my account	Someone used my credit card without authorization
0	I speak slowly because I use google translate	i want to speak to someone
0	I have a questions	I have not received the order. The seller does not answer questions.
0	shipping back fee	How much I need pay for the shipping fee?
0	please wait a minute	please let me know
1	how do i cancel order?	How do I cancel the order if I have already paid?
0	The address was right but said it was wrong. Why are you like this?	It said my order was canceled. Do you know why?
0	how to open dispute	How to dispute a completed order
0	i cannot add a credit card to the account	Why I cannot purchase using my credit card?
0	i have to have a refund	When do I have the refund?
0	seller have other behavior	I have cancelled order due wrong behavior of supplier, please send money back
1	Change Shipping address	Change my address
0	What happen if I close a dispute	I have escalated dispute. What will happen?
1	Is there a real person who can help me?	can i talk to a real person?
1	How do I cancel my credit card details	I want to remove my card details
0	Can you guys ship out the items with 1 day shipping?	can you ship the product to my country?
0	what is my account user name?	Your account name or password is incorrect
0	hi there, please can you tell me when my orders will be delivered?	Can you tell me when will I get the money?
1	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	I cannot see the tracking of my order
1	returning a defective item	I want to return my defective goods
0	replace card information	Where is dispute information?
0	when I want to pay, an old discarded card comes up. I have to enter my new card number EVERY time, and it is annoying. How can I deleted the old discarded visa card	How can I buy goods if I do not have visa card?
0	remove card details	I incorrectly accepted dispute details
0	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	I need email address please
0	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	Why I had an order canceled?
0	I want to be a dropshipper	I want to ask a question
0	when I open a dispute	I need open a dispute
0	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
0	I would like to get in touch with responsible for marketing in sweden...	i would like a refund
0	Where can I find feedback left about me?	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
0	Forgot login how to restore?	How do I restore the account?
0	the seller changed the shipping method?	I want to know the delivery time of each shipping method
1	i am unable to place my order	Why I am not able to place an order?
0	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	I never received my item. it was closed by mistake.
0	I need to access my mobile orders on my PC	I do not have access to my account
1	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
0	how to confirm delivery	My supplier wants me confirm delivery before order is received
1	I forgot my password and email	I forgot my password
0	please someone who knows spanish l find it hard to write and translate and then translate what he writes to me	would it be possible to speak with someone who can help me
1	how to use paypal	What protection do I have if I use PayPal?
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	I want to revise refund request
0	Them i want to a people that speaking spanish please	i am confused as to who i am speaking with
1	what is your phone number	what's your phone number?
0	I received my orders and all of the costumes are too small. I need much larger sizes and are performance is coming up soon. Can I have three new costumes shipped out asap?	I need to receive merchandise soon.
1	Why are the answers automatically? I do not want to talk to the vendor.	I want to talk with an agent
0	before placing order	Why payment was taken before delivery?
0	you don't understand me	how can you understand me
0	i see that you don't help me.i can't wait more time	i dont speak english
0	how to delete account	how to turn buyer account to seller account?
0	my orders were cancelled	I cannot find my orders that were placed.
1	who can help me please?	Could you help me please
1	I cannot contact seller	I cannot contact the seller
0	Why are my accounts blocked and I cannot sign in	I cannot sign in on Facebook page.
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to see where my items
0	Can u please talk to me	Are u kidding with me?
0	no, i can not order anything	i will never never never ever buy anything else from this website
0	where do I find the shopping cart	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	watch for me please	Please call me.
0	why my order canceled shipment	Why my order is closed for No Shipment?
0	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	i cant log in. i created my purchase with the wrong email address.	I did not create this account, someone else created this account. Used my email
0	Why are my accounts blocked and I cannot sign in	I want to order a product but supplier is blocked why
1	do you send payment to paypal	Could you accept payment with PayPal in this site?
0	r u idiot?	are u there?
1	Where do I submit my drivers license and credit card information to prove who i am?	I will upload my card and identity information
0	difference of small packet an registered airmail	I need small help from you
0	I ordered tea bags in November	I need refund a product I ordered
0	ok please contact me with other people	Can other people see my wish list?
1	I am trying to buy an item with a $50 store promo coupon but when i go to pay it says i do not have any coupons although i clicked on the coupon mutiple time	When i go to the shopping cart i cannot use the coupon
1	cancel awaiting for payment	How do I cancel the payment?
0	How to respond	I cannot respond
0	why is it that they do not make mens shoes in size 12 US	what is a US size compared to a uk size
0	What are talking about?	What about my claim?
0	I'm looking for bdsm jewelries	I'm good thanks
0	how to change your email address	What is your contact email address?
1	can I change size	How can I change size?
0	hi,I have a question. how I can send my item to china?	I have a question about my coupons
1	how to revise feedback	The system incorrectly recorded my feedback and now I cannot revise it.
0	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	I am unable to open a dispute
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	not right answer
0	i am following up my case	Where can I pick up my item?
0	the order just never gets processed	i have just made an order
1	Hello. I am trying to use a discount code and it is not allowing me to input the code	I am trying to use the discount code and does not work today
0	how can i change my credit card details	How do I change my bank details?
1	how to get warranty	Is there any warranty with the product?
0	how to delete my card	How do I delete my negative feedback?
1	Could you please connect me with a real person?	Ask a real person to talk to me!
0	I can't open dispute. Time is over	My processing time is over and I want to extend.
0	What happens to my order when my shipment status says "shipment canceled"?	What happens to my dispute?
0	I request dispute	How do I request partial refund
0	how to check coupon?	how to check the order?
0	I need to access my mobile orders on my PC	I need know if my orders are processed?
0	please help already 20 days is done but payment not get	Please help with coupon
0	i do not agree with dispute result	Where can I see the dispute result?
1	how can i remove order received from my order list	how can I remove some items from my order
0	How do I add and manage products in Shopping Cart?	Why I cannot add item to Shopping Cart?
0	de fault address	I think it is your fault.
1	you're stupid	you're absolutely no help
1	What is select coupon	Why I cannot use Select Coupon?
0	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	Why I have not received any update in my dispute?
1	my What is price	What is price?
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	How much customs or import duty do I have to pay?
1	How do I get coupons or discounts	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	where do I find account settings	Where can I find the commercial invoice?
1	How can I do?	HOW CAN I DO THAT?
0	I have not received my goods	I am Brazilian and can I to buy what I want?
0	wrong email address	I paid for my items and the shipping address is wrong
1	I don't have a tracking number. I am trying to place an order	I am trying to place an order and no luck
0	how to claim coupon	How to withdraw claim?
0	Why the money is not returning	why my orders are not paid although money is written off from my account
0	how to reject the proposal	how are you doing
0	i have attached all documents	How can I put all products in cart to have one bill to pay?
1	how to place order	How do I place an order?
0	I cannot find my save for later list	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	i accidentally cancelled my order	i accidently put extended time on my order, how do i cancel it
0	how to open a dispute'	How to open dispute for completed order
0	Am looking at super thick 3D wood log wallpaper mural paper	looking for a contact number to speak to some
0	will My goods arrive directly to my hand or do I have to go to customs ofice	Where do i go to track my order?
0	I didnt receive a single order that i made from Apr	I made a wrong order
1	I do not want the product anymore I want my money back Please send me my refund	I do not want the product anymore.
0	I would like it as soon as possible	I would like to make a complaint
0	can not send email	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	I am not satisfied with the product received. What can I do?
0	I asked a couple of questions?	I don't have more questions
0	what time is it?	What will happen if processing time ends?
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	Could you let me know which card I used?
0	I forgot my password and email	I want to reset my password have not got the email
1	where to find order number	I cannot find my order number online
0	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	I don't know
1	i need to speak with maria	i need to speak to an agent
1	tried to pay for my order wouldnt go thru whats up?	i tried using my visa debit card to purchase items online but it did not go through.
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us us dollars or our currency?	I am sick of you.
0	Is nobody online for helping	i thought this was online help?
0	how to cancel the dispute?	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
0	can u help me to know about my product	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
0	The seller advertise wrong price	The seller sent wrong color
0	Ryley knows my problem	I have a problem with my shipment
1	you can help m	Can you help me?
0	how do I change password	How do I change the language?
0	how to use buyer protection	What if a seller advertise Buyer Protection and then refuse to use it?
0	how to add video	how to add to my favorite
1	payment not processed	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	i can't buy my order	i wanted t discuss my order
0	Did you helped me?	you have not helped me
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	I want to change the rating on an a product
0	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	can purchases be sent to my country?
0	sir how to buy	How do I buy in bulk?
0	how do i use select coupon	How do I use the coupon I got?
0	seller not response my refund status	I have not received my refund from the seller
0	the same thing happen to me with the chinese sellers on EBAY	Why my orders from different sellers have the same tracking numbers?
1	how to find an order number	How to get my order number?
0	i am looking for a product	Can I return a product if I am not satisfied?
0	How to choose shipping method	the shipping method has changed due to the change of your shipping address
1	please i have a problem	I have a problem.
0	i order a coat for the past winter and from jan. the buyer doesnt understand that its too small on me and doesnt want to give me a refund with a lot of stupid causes help me please	Please ， help me Urgently
0	I want to pay but i do not want to pass my card i guess i did not buy longer, i tried to re-enter the data card's visa and scream until 07/19 and it was not over again	how do i pay with my visa debit card
1	i need to connect representative online	I trying to speak to a representative
0	hello, I was issued a refund for an item not received and now it has been delivered. What can I do to pay?	My order has been closed for security reason. What can I do?
0	you can't help me you are a computer	can you help me with
1	really need a human to talk to	I need a human assistant
0	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	Can I change the rating of a product?
0	I need ask give number	I need a phone number to order
0	how can i pay with ideal	How can I pay with Giropay?
0	I want to know about my refund	I want to know more about payment method.
1	where to find order number	How can I find my order number?
0	It is the third time that I communicate by this means	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	Why my orders from different sellers have the same tracking numbers?
1	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	why don't you have customer care number
0	i need a part	I need a girl friend.
0	I only want my money back that is my only question	I received an email confirming only one of my orders
0	I have a question about a CNC machine	I have a question about a dispute
1	I'd like to cancel my order.	I would like to cancel my order.
0	what is happening	What is the time there?
0	Hi, I want to ask why my orders are being closed	how do i delete my orders that got closed
0	i order some item last week	Why will I receive some emails regard my order is closed?
1	the wedding gown i bought was too big for the bride, despite the fact that i put the size to follow	The product I bought it does not work
1	i think my tracking number is a fake	What if the seller gave me fake tracking number?
0	What is my Wish List for	I am not able to add to my wish list
0	its telling your account is suspended	Your account name or password is incorrect
0	how do I reset password	i tried to reset password but did not work
0	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	I wonder about my order
1	why my order canceled shipment	My order number was canceled. I want to know why.
0	exceeded number of purchase	How do I use the store number to purchase?
0	I want to buy the cards in my shopping cart. How can I get you to print my instructions on them please?	I do not know how to use my shopping cart
1	How do I exchange app coins	What can I do with the coins?
0	talked to you yesterday about my account	Do you close my account?
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to see where my items
0	can you ck only order?	Why you speak only english?
0	payment support team	Customer Management Team does not help
0	I have new email	I have not received payment confirmation email
1	It's not possible to contact customer service	send me a customer service email contact
0	I have already via this page and it was no problem.	Oh i have a problem
0	Can I buy without a mobile?	I can not use mobile coupon
0	was my credit card billed	If I use my credit card, is it secure?
0	email us button	Give us tracking number
1	Do you speak italian?	Do you speak
1	i cannot use select coupon	How do I use Select Coupon?
0	Yes I brought a wig and what i wanted they done have	yes i need your help
0	hello, there no chat now available since yesterday until now. why?	I will try that now
1	change the size	Is it possible to change the size of order?
0	How to pay using ideal payment	How do I pay with mobile payment?
0	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Where do I find discount coupons?
1	ship to iran	where do you ship to?
0	seller made no response	I made an order earlier and the order did not go through the seller suspended
0	i want to change my password	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
0	change card details refund	How do I change credit card?
0	I placed an order with one seller and paid, but they did not have the item pictured, I then cancelled the order and found another seller with the item, but will not take my card on file	i placed order and paid.
0	will you deliver to company	How do I deliver goods to China?
0	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	Can I change size of my ordered item?
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	Why I cannot deliver my goods to China?
1	and i have a problem with my order	I have problem with this order
0	I need to access my mobile orders on my PC	When will I get my orders?
0	this is getting no where	I tried using my card to pay but it keeps getting declined.
0	why is my order showing shipment cancelled?	Why my order is closed for No Shipment?
0	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	Where are the coupons I bought?
0	what is an appeal	What is the time there?
0	hi, nice to meet you	Have a nice day.
1	good evening I did not receive a parcel because it was handed over to another person I opened a dispute but the seller insists that the parcel is in customs and is in the hands of a carrier But I contacted the customs and posters, the parcel was delivered	I have not received my parcel
0	no i can't follow my order	How can I print my order
0	I am still not able to pay my orders	I am not able to track.
1	How can I contact customer service	how can I contact customer support?
1	what is your phone number	pls advise me your service phone number
1	can u check this order for me?	Pls help me to check on my order
0	I have paid twitch	I paid by TT and have not heard anything.
1	i want to be connected with a real person	can i talk to a real person?
0	How to change my contact details	I want details of my refund
0	Did not pay back	Why after I click pay for my order, it sends me back to login?
0	how to check order number	How do I receive the tracking number of my order?
0	how to use seller coupon?	How do I use Select Coupon?
0	why to put card details again?	Why it tells me there are not enough funds. We put enough funds on it.
0	HI see my message i sent you a minute ago	I sent money 3 days ago and the status do not changed
1	Why is my order cancelled?	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	how to change coins to coupon	How to use coupon?
0	Yes, it's on the way but it takes 3 weeks	just the way it is
0	seller don't answer me	Please answer me!
0	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	There is a problem in changing my profile name
1	how to extend buyer's protection	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
1	i did not receive my refund	I did not get the refund
1	Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Why security block my transaction?
0	When i pay for an item in the shopping cart, you already have my credit card details saved, I'm not happy with that.	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	answer the question	you won't answer my question
1	I cannot make an account and I want to track a package	How can I track my package?
0	Can you cancel?	How can I cancel my membership?
1	I tried to pay for my order and the system went down, Now it is giving me an error when I try to pay and it shows system down	Is your payment system down?
0	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	I need open dispute but do not have the option
0	how do I report a fraud seller	How do I report other infringements of the rules?
0	The seller does not want to know anything about the dispute	I want to know about Bank Transfer refund
0	replace card information	I want to replace the broken item.
0	Can not pay in cash?	Can I pay with cash on delivery?
0	I have already open a dispute but they refuse it	I do not have open dispute option in my order
1	Are you able to help me	Could you help me please
0	I CANNOT BUY FROM CART	I cannot buy
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	I paid with my credit card twice for the same product. What can I do?
1	wanting place an order but i cannot	Why I cannot place order?
0	What does "Waiting Receipt" means? Isn't payment OK?	Does my payment arrive?
0	contacting the seller	The seller is a scammer
0	how do i open a dispute?	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
0	How do I know whether my order has been shipped	how to know whether my order is cancelled or not?
0	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	What can I do if the seller reject my cancel order request?
0	i bought something at store roy wang	I need the address of store
0	refund is stuck at processing	regarding order processing
1	I have forgotten my password &amp; when I try &amp; reset my password from the email it is not connecting or when I copy &amp; paste web site to brower, its not showing the site, I just want a new password so i can check my account, but nothing is working	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
0	but i can't use it... i made an order before and i can't pay anything with it	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	i dont know how to finish my shopping
1	I have a compte I don't connected	I don't know
0	ok, thank you. I ordered this sunday. Means I have at least one month to see what will happen. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day and best wishes from Turkey	I have opened dispute one month ago and I am still waiting for your response.
1	May I speak with a Human please?	May I speak with a customer service agent?
1	I did not get the goods as described. Of course, I want to upload photos, of course, but it is not possible. I tried a video, but I can not upload it too	I cannot upload the attachment
1	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	Do you have a phone number i can ring?
0	The item I ordered is faulty it broke a piece of my car on first use	Can I change size of my ordered item?
0	When will refund be done?	When will refund be approved and when will I receive it.
0	hello i cain t order	I don't speak english
0	what do you mean u cant help	What do you mean Want to Claim?
0	I want to be a dropshipper	i Want To Speak to The manager
1	Verify email address	verify email address
0	how do I change password	How do I change evaluate?
1	how to exchange coins	How do I redeem my coins?
0	manage my shopping cart	I am not able to open my Shopping Cart
0	What does security check failure mean	What does Piece mean?
1	How to submit video	How to add video?
0	and I have not received any mail in the past 24 hrs	I have received a very offensive e-mail from a trader I am in dispute with
1	how do i confirm the order?	How do I confirm my order has been received?
0	Hello, I would like to know how to sponsor a friend.	I would like to know about this order
0	i don't have delete signed	How can I delete the products I have received from the list?
0	i have paid for my product	Why I paid for same product twice?
0	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	this country says no sale
0	I have been asking for help for 30 minutes. Please put your boss on?	I want to reactivate my account. Please help.
0	Hi, I am in Hong Kong. do you have staff or shop or office in HK?	I want service staff
0	i cannot pay for my item	I cannot put more than one item in my cart
1	When can I speak to real person????	an i talk to a real person
0	I need to do an urgent quick shop	how can I find it in your shop?
0	how do I get my order number	How do I receive the tracking number of my order?
0	estimated delivery time.	There is an order processing time under the delivery time options. What is that?
0	My system goes straight to pay	how to do I pay for my purchases on debit?
0	save credit card	Will visa master credit card work
0	I had a dispute	I had to go
0	i want to ask my order	I want to cancel my order.
1	how to contact customer service.	contact customer service
0	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	i order a coat for the past winter and from jan. the buyer doesnt understand that its too small on me and doesnt want to give me a refund with a lot of stupid causes help me please	give me your help
1	i cannot pay an order	I cannot pay for my order
0	Where do I submit my drivers license and credit card information to prove who i am?	I do not want to submit my credit card statement
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	how do i send you an email
1	Hello, can you help me?	I realized that you can not help me
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	Can I edit my order?
0	how to remove feedback	How to remove unnecessary orders?
1	I have a problem with the bad seller	I have problem with order. The seller is a liar and a cheater.
0	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	I just received my order and I am not happy with it.
1	Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Why my order is closed for security reasons again?
0	how to check coupons?	How to get seller coupons?
0	They sent me a defective product. Both products are not the same. I just demand the fee.	Why I paid for same product twice?
0	how to add additional feedback	How to make additional payment for my order?
0	I do not have the order number only the ticket	How do I make payment by Boleto?
1	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	Do you have a phone number i can ring?
0	I wanted to know about if using another credit card on the same account bring problem in making payments	I have problem in paying online with my credit card
1	I can not change the language to Spanish	do you speak spanish?
0	What is reward points	What is the time there?
0	my orders were cancelled	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	why coins not added	How to change my coins for coupon?
0	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	I have not received my goods and the sender has not responded to my message
0	how to confirm delivery	I can not open dispute, because I confirm delivery of the product.
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	i wanna told with the admin
1	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	my package has been to a wrong shipping address due to supplier's fault?
1	I need help with an order Im trying to place. Everytime I click to buy, it just refreshes back to the shopping cart without purchasing	I click Buy Now but cannot process the order
0	The shipment ME requested did not come as it was replaced by another product	I accidently clicked item received but it did not come to me yet.
1	so please you can help me	Could you help me please
0	HI,I MAKE A ORDER AND I CAN'T TO PAY ,ALWAYS I HAVE THE SAME MASSAGE	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
1	i cannot upload	I cannot upload documents.
1	I can not change the language to Spanish	I do not speak English only Spanish
1	do you ship to iran?	Do you ship to Brazil?
0	Can you see if i had paid please? If so i need it tracked.	I paid but can not see any confirmation of my payment
0	ja watch for me	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
1	are a live person	Can I speak with a live person?
0	I do not know why my card is not working.	How do I receive a refund by credit card after 20 working days?
0	Hi. I have not received my products, and the status is finished now.	I have not received my refund
0	how to link my card?	How do I pay with my credit card?
1	how do i get an invoice	How do I get invoice?
0	I'm interested in a kind of Minnie sheet	I'm good thanks
0	I have received products I didn't order. I did order from another company which do not seem to be connected to you	My order shows that I have not paid, but I did
1	My account iz broken	cannot find my account
1	May I speak with a Human please?	I need speak to a human
1	I want to talk with human	I want to contact a human
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	I am having trouble authorization to access my account
0	I do not want partial refund, I want full refund	I want the refund
0	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	I have a problem. Did you help me?
1	how I can contact with you	Can I contact you by other ways?
0	I would like to make a payment via bank slip which procedure I am not finding the desired option	there is no bank transfer in payment option
0	I HAVE A PURCHASE ON YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE REGISTERING, AT THIS TIME THE ORDER IS BUGGED IN THE CUSTOMS AND DHL NEEDS THE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER.	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
1	i need call with you	i need someone to call me now.
0	I have an issue	What is Seller accept issue?
0	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	where is the coupon page?	the seller page no longer exists
0	I would like a tracking number, how do I get one?	I would like to know about coupons and how can I get it?
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	how to retrieve deleted orders	How to remove unnecessary orders?
0	Because before I was able to order hair by 3 pieces but now it's no longer possible	I can not order anything now
1	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	Why my bank account was debited twice for the order?
1	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I order something and I did not receive an email
0	We are unable to create an account	Sorry, your account has been flagged for some reasons and you are unable to participate in this promotion.
0	when i log in on computer, my wishlist is not updated. It's not same as on my apps	I want to send my wishlist to somebody else
0	I can pay when receiving goods	You can send the goods once again when I already paid?
0	how to add additional feedback in mobile	How to add pictures to the dispute?
1	I bought a product and I did not receive.	i did not receive the order
0	Hi Eva. At first the question. Can I write in german?	Can I put you a question?
0	The product has run out...	when your supplier will send out the product
0	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	What should I do if I do not get the verification link?
0	How to leave feedback on App?	I cannot leave feedback.
0	Hi, I am having trouble with my payment	I am having trouble with one seller. What can I do?
0	What are you doing	you dont get what i say to you
0	Can you tell me if you are able to accept paypal for payments	Can you tell me tracking number
0	Can you cancel?	I will return the coupon if you cancel?
1	Can I be connected to a live operator, please.	Why I am connected to a Robot?
0	How do I tell the clerk?	If I cancel my order, can you tell me how long it will take for refund?
1	Hi John, I have a question.	I have question for you
0	I just want to know if my order has been sent	my order has been frozen?
1	I placed an order as a guest but do not have confirmation	I just placed an order but did not receive a confirmation
0	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	should i pay tax if i order from china
0	how do i place order?	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	But I have new email address	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
0	why delivery period extended	what to do if I missed the opening dispute period?
0	How change post code	How to track via China post
0	Iam doing singing in my account but it is not working	how are you doing!
0	Problem not solved.	i have problem with my shipping problem
1	how do I change coins into coupon	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
1	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	I never received my order
0	The time of my order arrives is over, will I have the refund?	I have not received a partial refund of my order
0	this is getting no where	i want to thank you for getting my money back
0	Eva, I have not received shipping and tracking info on my order. I also have messaged the seller 2 times within the last few days and have not received a reply.	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	I cannot place my order from Washington.
0	How to input into waiting Shipment using app	How do I combine shipment of different items?
0	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I know Seller Ratings if there is no positive feedback?
0	hello, can I speak spanish?	can i speak with operator?
0	I never shopping with your sit but there are 5 paiements with my card	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
0	if i sell here, can i get the payment sent to my paypal account?	Can I use PayPal to purchase my items?
0	how to upload videos	I cannot upload documents.
0	the part where you have to write the code seems defective	Where to get the coupon code when ordering?
0	were can i find the barcode	How can I find a shop?
0	how do I submit an appeal?	What can I do after submit complaint?
0	I would like to make a payment via bank slip which procedure I am not finding the desired option	I made the payment slip, but my request is listed as not paid.
0	Need a refund	I need to change the refund amount on my order
0	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	I am unable to respond to an email sent from my seller?
1	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	Can I change my order after pay for it
1	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	I need to cancel the orders that I placed.
0	how do I get my order number	Do I have a tracking number for my order?
0	when a need to select the mind i have two time october	I want to extend the time the supplier need to ship my order.
1	how canon i print the invoice.	how do I print out invoice for my order?
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	How can I check if you have my right address for delivery?
1	why the price of product did not change	The product price is not changed
0	hello, can I pay when delivered?	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	Returns and refunds	What is return and refunds policy here?
1	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	Is it necessary to extend processing time?
0	i want to buy	I want buy different products. How do I buy them together?
1	How do I cancel my account	how to cancel my account
0	How Do I change my password	How do I change my order?
0	How do I know my product from the delivery date?	Do you do bank transfer?
0	Hello, how can I sponsor a friend?	I just broke up with my boy friend.
0	Hello! I have a question about a delivery.	I have a question on refund.
0	i still have not received my order	My order still not received my coupon
1	can I change size	Can I change size of my ordered item?
0	And what day is going to get better you're not helping me.	could you tell me what is going on with my order
0	Where do you live Eva?	how you do the live chat
0	before placing order	Your supplier changed the order price after placing the order
0	order detail page	I cannot get to the payment page for my order
0	What does it mean: Your order will be closed in?	What does Piece mean?
1	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	There is no option to open a dispute in this order.
0	and I have not received any mail in the past 24 hrs	How do I find past order?
0	how do i confirm the order?	I can not find the button Confirm Order Received"
0	Hello, I'v received a message for refund.	I have not received my goods and the sender has not responded to my message
0	i need a part	I need to return product and need a return address
0	my shipment still not dispatched	My order is still awaiting payment
1	What happens to my order when my shipment status says "shipment canceled"?	My order is closed for No Shipment.
0	i receive a email says i did not pay, but i have paid and i have the confirmation	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
1	you're a computer?	are you a human or computer
0	What I should do?	I want to make the payment by western union what should I do?
0	no link here	Type your question here
0	why I cannot use coupon	Why can't I use my select coupon?
0	how to subscribed	How much is it?
0	recover app coins	Apply for compensation (COINS)
0	add new shipping address	I cannot add a delivery address
1	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us dollars or our currency?	Is the currency in Hong Kong dollars?
0	my account is not working	My product received is not working
0	Why my payment is in Awaiting Verification	I make payment by Bank Transfer. Why it still shows Awaiting Payment?
1	i am from india	I am from country
0	I would like a tracking number, how do I get one?	I would like to cancel my order. How can I do this?
0	sir how to buy	I want buy different products. How do I buy them together?
1	do you send payment to paypal	Why you do not have PayPal?
1	It's not possible to contact customer service	how do i contact customer service
0	how to upload evidence	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	How do i add evidence?	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	I want to collect the order in the cart.	I cannot add it in the cart
0	Hey. My account is locked. I am an honest buyer, did not open disputes for no reason. I ask you to unlock the account.	I am no longer for business, can you have my account suspended?
1	My issue here is my order not receive and your customer service not reachable. Please help.	please do you have customer service phone
0	The seller refuses to refund or resend	The seller refuses to ship my order after I paid
0	How do I stop seller sending messages?	stop sending me emails
1	How do I confirm delivery once I have received my order	How can I confirm the delivery?
0	exceeded number of items	My items never came
0	Contact your reseller in his name Yvone Lee	I cannot change my contact name
0	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	can i have a two accounts with same email
0	I just read that you have rejected my appeal!	I want to read feedback written about my order
0	refund status unresolved	What is the status right now?
0	how to file payment appeal?	how do I file a dispute after I received my goods and time ran out
0	i do it but not working	I tries to pay with my visa debit card and it is not working
1	unable to place an order	Why I cannot place order?
0	Then this must be joke, you must be kidding me,,,	Tell me a joke.
1	please trace and i wanted a refund	How can I trace my product?
0	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	My email has been hacked
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
0	Hello Eva. Are you there?	fuck eva you are hot
0	but contacted with bank nothing hold from them	I have unsubscribed from your list, however, i keep receiving them.
1	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	I want to know when will my product arrive
1	I don't want to lie about my reason, the item is damaged.	The goods I received are damaged
0	no link here	Why you are here?
0	change my credit card number	what is my case number?
1	How to upload picture	I cannot upload the attachment
0	I CANNOT BUY FROM CART	Why I cannot open Shopping Cart?
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
1	how to check if seller is reliable.	tell me whether it is a reliable seller
0	HI I have been trying to pay for my stuff for weeks but it won't accept my card	Where is my stuff?
1	i want to reset my password	I lost my password
1	steps on how to contact seller?	Is there any method to contact the seller?
1	how to stop seller messages	Can you stop sending messages to me?
0	I tried paying for an order today but it comes back saying the expiry date is wrong. My expiry date is OK 02/20. This happened about a month ago but was fixed. But, it's happening again.	If you know a date that my order will arrive?
0	how to leave additional feedback	How can I leave a feedback?
1	Can u please help me	can u help
0	It seems an old appeal has resurfaced on my account. All the documentation has been submitted and the appeal was satisfied weeks ago. Can you please help me resolve this issue?	Will you send an email to let me know my money has been refunded?
0	why is my order showing shipment cancelled?	Why my order is not showing?
0	I have paid twitch	I have already paid for my order
0	I have a question about taxes	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
0	I can't seem to edit the name that is associated with my account. Im not sure how it defaulted to a different name other than mine but i cant seem to find how to change it	I cannot change the name of the recipient
0	delete order history	Where is the order history?
1	hello can you help me please have you time	you can not help me
0	i cant pay for my item	I sent my item back
1	Escalate Judgement from AE	I want to escalate
0	how i can sell one product in u site	The product is broken. How do I change it for a new one?
0	why is my order showing shipment cancelled?	Why my order is still pending Awaiting Shipment?
1	Hi, I need help	i need help
0	i give them time to do something	How do I extend the processing time?
0	how I pay money for my product what I choose	How do I choose a custom color
1	do u have a phone number	Do you have a phone number i can ring?
0	I can not use a coupon or get discount.	I received a discount coupon I would like to know how can I use
1	How to change shipping address	How can I change my address?
0	you can help m	you can not help me
0	do you need order numbers?	The order need be cancelled.
1	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	I already paid the order
1	How to edit my phone number	How do I edit my phone number?
0	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	I paid for their goods. How can I combine them into one package?
0	can i not give you my tracking number and you check?	Can you give discount?
1	i want to return	I want to return the goods
0	Do we need to integrate a SDK for that?	We do not have area code.
0	I want more wide walking shoes, width to be E, EE, EEE, EEEE	I want solution to my dispute escalated for more than 90 days
1	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	I want to open dispute
0	how do I cancel order	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	i need to connect representative online	How can I get connect with the seller?
1	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	I cannot open dispute for an order. What can I do?
0	How to add a card to my account	How to add video as my evidence?
0	how to remove card?	I want to remove my card details
0	Forgive me, but how to take a screenshot?	how long will it take to ship?
0	how to add passport information	How can I contact the seller to send information?
0	already received product	It says this email already exists
0	I already did this is nothing.	I already paid but did not receive message from my bank
1	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
0	after I placed my order, I was told that there would be additional shipping because I changed my address. Well, I did not change my address. But, I paid the additional charges to see what	I paid for my items and the shipping address is wrong
0	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	My transaction completed but I want to open dispute
1	Hi, i need support please	hi i need to tell u something about my order
0	How do I know my product from the delivery date?	What do you do in your spare time?
0	I'd like to know about extra fee. What is it? How can I use?	I would like to know how I can cancel my order.
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	I cannot pay for my order
1	how to file a complaint	I need to file a complaint against a seller.
0	how to place order without paying it?	How to get goods without paying taxes?
0	I paid this shoes I HAVEN'T NEVER RECEIVE	How do I receive refund if I paid by Bank Transfer or TT?
0	hi i still haven't received any of my orders	hi any one here
0	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	How can I see my payment record?
0	but i already paid for it	I want to know if I am in Spain, how long I wait?
0	i cannot add a credit card to the account	I cannot make the payment via credit card
0	i have a problem with the seller	I have a problem with coupon
0	fast shipping courier	my items can be shipped to address courier?
0	I asked many times the seller but he/she is always saying it will be here in week or two	Will you always be here?
0	how to check buyer's protection	How much should I pay for the buyer protection commission?
0	how to advance search	How can i search a store?
0	seller have other behavior	Confirm if have other problem
0	i am not able to see dispute option	I am not able to track.
0	I want e-mail	I received an e-mail saying my order was cancelled because the supplier was suspicious
0	Because my order never gets in hold always goes to paid instantly	I never received my refund
1	I want to be a dropshipper	Do you have dropshipper service?
1	no link here	Where is the link
0	good evening I did not receive a parcel because it was handed over to another person I opened a dispute but the seller insists that the parcel is in customs and is in the hands of a carrier But I contacted the customs and posters, the parcel was delivered	What can I do if the parcel is returned?
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	how can i be sure that you wont fuck me
0	what is rewards points	Why do not I have points for my orders?
0	and me too	you talk too fast
0	The chat does not work	Coupon does not work
0	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	The seller cancelled my order I have not received my payment back yet
1	where i can ask? because i want to know how can i use that money... it is too low to return back to me	I want to return money. I can not wait so long.
0	What is an appeal?	what to say
0	this is english...	no speak english
1	where is my product	Where my parcel?
1	hi there, I need help	I need help on something
0	how to cancel escalated dispute	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
1	I only want my money back that is my only question	I want my money back.
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	I have ordered an item and I cannot pay it by bank transfer
0	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	Can you provide me with your catalogue?
0	When will refund be done?	When will refund with my order canceled?
0	please send me phone number because no one can help my problem	can u please help me?
1	what is your phone number	What is your number?
1	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	are you a live person
0	Change phone number	give me a phone number
0	how to delete item in shopping cart	How to use shopping cart?
0	how i can sell one product in u site	can I call u?
1	How to upload picture	i cannot upload a photo
1	i do not agree with dispute result	I am dissatisfied with claim result. What can I do?
0	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	I can not contact the sellers of products that have not yet arrived.
0	Cancelled Orders Finished means	my orders got a finished" message but they have not arrived yet."
0	how to check feedback?	How to check my message center
0	The seller doesn't respond to me. What should I do?	What should I do when I am scammed by seller?
0	Hi Eva! I need to delete my old credit card and register my new credit card	Can I pay in installments on my credit card?
0	i want know when i need data to use it	I have a coupon, I do not know how to use when paying new order
0	I have not received the products	I am Brazilian and can I to buy what I want?
1	Hi One of my purchases on the Tracking information has had the "Shipment Cancelled" what does this mean and will I still get my parcel	There is no information for my shipment at this time.
1	How to choose shipping method	How do I choose shipping method?
0	put order in the cart	I put wrong address on my order
0	how to cancel unpaid order	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
0	Can u please help me	I could not make payment with my VISA Debit Card, could u help me please.
1	talk to me eva	talk to me
0	i am not able to see dispute option	Why I am not able to place an order?
1	how to submit a feedback	How do I leave feedback?
0	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	How long can item stay in wish list?
1	i have some question. so tell me your email address	please i have a question
1	can you send me phone number for customer support for USA?	give me a phone number
0	ok but I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	How can I delete TradeManager from my desktop?
0	i can not pay with IDEAL, my bank said there is nothing wrong with my IDEAL,	How do I pay for my shopping via bank deposit?
0	i want to be seller	I want to contact seller.
0	check out page	out of stock
1	how do I find a certain store?	I want to find a store
0	Hi. any progress for dispute?	hi any one here
0	how to check membership level?	How do I cancel my membership
0	upload evidence video	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	why seller extend the delivery period	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
0	how do I cancel account	How do I cancel the payment?
0	Are you married?	Are you pretty?
0	How can I put the store on the black list?	How can I find a store?
0	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	Is there any ways you can combine different sellers' orders into one shipment?
0	but i am after this period	and i am happy.
1	how to edit contact	How do I edit my account?
0	why are you not answering corret: go to hell	Why the order does not go through?
0	how to add additional feedback in mobile	How do I pay with mobile payment?
1	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	when your supplier will send out the product
0	I am asking you question	I am curious about you.
0	how to exchange coins to coupon?	How can I exchange goods that I have received?
0	Looking for suppliers	I am looking for a seller I ordered before. Can you help me?
0	Hi Eva! need to delete my old credit card and register a new credit card	Someone used my credit card without authorization
1	how to cancel the dispute?	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	I forgot the login account id and password, what should I do?	This account does not exist, what should I do?
0	how we can shortage the delivery period and shipment process?	How long is the complaint period?
0	my shipment cancelled	Why my order is Awaiting Shipment?
0	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	How can I track my package?
1	and received the refund amount and dispute closed	My refund is not received after the dispute is resolved
1	i cannot log into my account!!	I cannot log in to my account.
1	how to open a dispute for complete order	how do I lodge an order dispute after my order has been complete?
0	ok i know that but the process is very long	ok thank you very much
1	Why I cannot send message to seller?	I cannot send any messages to any seller.
1	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	How do I know if I will have to pay customs fees?
1	Hello! Is it posible to see what rewiews sellers have given about me? Where can I find the rewiews?	As a buyer, how can I see the feedback given to me?
0	How can I add paypal	How can I add my shipping address?
0	What I cannot get coupons when I exchange coins?	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
0	I have paid twitch	The seller do not have the product i paid
1	What happens if I don't get my refund	how can i get my refund
0	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	I cannot pay by Visa or MasterCard
0	How to contact the seller	How do I check Feedback Profile of a seller?
0	how reward points will be added	I accidentally added too many days to the processing time how do I decrease it?
0	Hi I like to know if a seller needs me to send back, how does she refund me the delivery fees plus cost of the dress as I am using Singapore registered mail?	How much does a refund cost?
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	the seller wrote me that the item is not available
0	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	yes i did multiple orders	How can I place multiple orders from same seller so that shipping will be together?
0	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to unsubscribe from all future emails
1	I want to change the size	I want to change size
0	Why did it say that I had my ordered parcel already in my post office, but it says that it's undeliverable, what is that supposed to mean? Will I get my parcel?	I have not received my parcel
1	Can you people help me	can you help me with
0	I have to many problems with your buyers	May I send mail to other buyers?
0	your guys said that payment is on hold..	Is something wrong with your payment options?
1	italian please	can you write in Italian?
1	Is there any way to tell when my order will actually be delivered?	How long will it take for my order to be delivered?
0	how to delete account	How can I register account?
0	I marked order received by mistake	Why was my order marked suspicious?
0	who pay tax	Who will pay the bank service fee?
0	I have ordered with an incorrect email address	i have already ordered an item
1	are a live person	Is their not a live
0	I placed an order as a guest but do not have confirmation	I have placed an order and i entered wrong address
0	add card on payment	is international debit card payment accepted?
0	this my order number	Suspicious activity was found on order number on my account.
1	my orders were cancelled	I have paid for my orders but the sellers have cancelled my order
0	we do not need remove please we need person can understand me	Can we be friends?
0	where is the coupon located	what state are you located in?
0	My membership level are not added	How do I cancel my membership?
0	so tell ,e the store	Was the store closed?
0	appeal for dispute	Case NO dispute
1	how to upload photo	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	my order was 120 plus total	this is my order no.
0	good day I made a purchase 6 months ago and did not arrive the seller says he had problems with customs. but it has not solved me neither the refund nor the product I need help since he does not answer me	my supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	i have been placed my order and have not received it
1	I want invoice	I need invoice
0	why my item cannot be save in the wish list?	share my wish list
0	unable to place an order	How do I place an order?
0	How do I change my email address	How do I change my address in the system now?
1	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	How can I contact you via email?
0	how to change phone number	give me a phone number
0	How can I collect my order in cart?	How can I take an item out my cart?
0	i am trying to open a dispute but the picture attachment isn't loading	I am trying to order and it is not working
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	I opened dispute but did not get an answer
0	I need help to register my account.	I need help with my order
1	how many days to get a refund	How many days will a refund come?
1	My money is not in my account	I want my money
0	order not received seller not answer	The seller do not answer me
0	how to submit a feedback	How do I reply to feedback?
1	How to find seller is reliable	How to know if the supplier is reliable?
0	To click where?	I accidentally click accept goods.
0	so i was buying a case	I would like to send buying inquiry to seller.
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	ARE YOU A MACHINE?
0	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	I cancel a dispute, can I reopen dispute?
0	now i forget my password	what happens if i forget my register account?
0	how to check order number	How can I know the tracking number of my order?
1	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	can i call customer services
0	i will ask another help	I want to ship to another country
1	still haven't received my refund	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	delivery time filter, you can specify	What is on-time delivery?
0	how to open dispute in app	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
1	Unable to upload image in the dispute	I cannot upload attachment.
0	All my orders has this note, and it seems like its not sending..	Are orders come all together?
1	how do i delete my orders under my account	How can i delete the completed orders or useless orders under my account?
0	i am not able see dispute history	I am not able to chat with sellers
1	Ho do You speak italian?	do you speak spanish?
0	I have a question about the plugins to display products on my website	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
0	I have a code for 435 off my order put it is not allowing me to put the code in	The tracking code is incorrect so I cannot know where my order is.
1	I received my products and the sending was very quick but after seeing my bank account I payed my order twice this is my	I have been charged twice for my order
0	how to place the order but do not pay for it	if I place many orders. How many times do I have to pay for shipping?
0	I know the web site is english. I already use chat and the people was able to understand me.	chat with a people
1	are you a real agent?	Are you a real person?
0	How to change shipping address	How do I add shipping address?
0	where to find order number	Where I can see the number of my order tracker?
0	how to set the shipping address	Why I failed to set my shipping address
1	i need help with	I need help on something
0	But I have new email address	I have not received payment confirmation email
1	I cannot sign in?	I placed an order but now I cannot sign in to check it
0	i have received it	I have not received my refund
0	i haven't received my order	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	i want to open an after sale dispute
0	I ask you to return money or send new items with a tracking number!	Why I do not return the money?
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	Can I contact you by other ways?
1	who pay tax	how do I find out if I need to pay import tax
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	How can I buy goods if I do not have visa card?
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	how i pay with visa card?
0	What does security check failure mean	What does awaiting delivery" mean?"
0	how to upload picture to dispute	How do I send a picture to seller?
1	unable to find the address	how can I find the address of a store?
0	How to add a card to my account	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	in my order list "View Detail" ,last status at april 27 and no more	I cannot find it in my order list
0	but how much time	How much is import tax?
0	Hi, I need to know how to send the producto to argentina via UPS	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	order long time?	Why my complaint takes a long time?
0	where i can ask? because i want to know how can i use that money... it is too low to return back to me	I want money back
1	How to ship back the item	I want to ship it back
0	I am trying to pay for my order. Can I pay with iDeal?	I am trying to order and it is not working
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	I am no longer for business, can you have my account suspended?
1	unable to place an order	Why there is no place order button?
1	how to leave additional feedback	How do I add additional feedback?
1	could you help?	could help me whether or not
0	Same to you dear	you keep giving the same answer
1	which account the refund money	which account will I receive my refund?
0	do you have a solution for that	Do you have brother?
1	I pressed. Click the Confirm Order Receipt button. Before the Order is sent.	I accidentally pressed on Confirm Order Received
1	Hello, can you attend me in portuguese?	I need someone to talk to me in Portuguese
0	its about login area	What is country code or area code?
0	Can I change my order if it is awaiting of shipment?	Can I change my feedback for order?
0	could help me	do you marry me?
1	ok please contact me with other people	Please let me know an email contact
1	i hate you eva	I hate u
1	do you send payment to paypal	How do I make payment with PayPal?
1	yes, I keep trying to pay but it wont work	I am trying to pay for an order and it keeps denying my payment
0	need to log into my account	Sorry, you are not authorized to log in this account.
0	sorry but you do not help me	can you help me?
0	i got new debit card how do i up date my card	What if I do not have an expiry date on my debit card?
1	I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I order something and I did not receive an email
0	were in my elemnt i purchase	Is there a number I can call to make my purchase
0	i dont want to cancel	i dont speak english
0	I can't change my shipping name	Can I change my last name on this account?
1	EVA I WANT TO TALK TO HUMAN	i want to talk to a human online
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	I don't speak english
1	I need a real person for help	an i talk to a real person
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	I want a price on some products.
1	I have contact the seller a view times but he didn't give my money back	i have not received my order and i want my money back
0	How can I refund my money back?	how can i cancel a refund
1	do you have a phone number?	do you all have an phone number
0	What happen if I close a dispute	What will happen if the seller does not respond to my dispute?
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	I want to buy only one product
0	I want to cancel the extra shipping charge for the item I bought.	I want to cancel payment.
0	The time of my order arrives is over, will I have the refund?	I have escalated an order and have not been updated in over a week.
0	cannot leave feedback	How do I leave feedback?
0	I have problem tracking one of my order it over 15days now	Do I have a tracking number for my order?
0	and I have not received any mail in the past 24 hrs	do you have any e mail address
0	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	When I have specify the size of a product?
0	I'm looking for bdsm jewelries	I am looking for a seller I ordered before. Can you help me?
1	can not login my account	I cannot login using my ID
0	Bring money for back order	I froze the order, what to do to get the money back?
0	I can not pay because "You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again."	I try to pay with my coupon but it is expired!
0	it does not show me the seller am looking for	the seller does not give me answer my request.
0	OF THIS YOU HAVE NOT BEEN MADE YOU MUST PAY	who made you
0	I would like a tracking number, how do I get one?	I would like to get a refund on my order.
0	what is an appeal	What is TradeManager?
0	not save card	MasterCard debit card
1	Hello, Eva did you get my question	Eva did you understand my question
0	how to delete items in wish list	how I can add to wish list
0	Hi, I need help with my appeal	I need some help with my account
0	my order status is closed wahy???	view status of my order
1	im trying to use a coupon	How can I use a coupon?
1	how to return item	Can I return my item because it did not fit?
1	cancel my order	Please cancel my order.
0	I have forgotten my password &amp; when I try &amp; reset my password from the email it is not connecting or when I copy &amp; paste web site to brower, its not showing the site, I just want a new password so i can check my account, but nothing is working	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	sorry but you do not help me	can you help me with
0	How do I cancel my credit card details	How do I receive refunds if my credit card is changed?
1	Hi, I have a problem with my payment.	I have a problem with payment
0	its less than 20	Why I received the less refund?
0	Who will bear the shipping cost?	Who will pay for return shipping?
0	my shipment cancelled	my dispute says awaiting shipment
1	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	I got lower refund than I claimed. What can I do?
1	I will ask something	I ask you a question
1	he seller says we have returned the money. I did not get the money.	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
0	Hello, I cancelled my order. How long does it take to get my money back?	how long does it take to get to my country?
0	But you are saying anything about my refund	Why you give so much time for the supplier about my case?
1	Eva are you for real, like a real person or a robot.	Is this a computer or a real person
1	how can i change my credit card details	I need to change my credit card details.
0	I can not make a dispute	How can I make changes to my profile?
1	Remove card information	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	want to pay for item that was refunded	I want to return the item
0	how many days to get a refund	how many days will it take to reach the destination
1	it is work, thanks	Thanks for the info.
0	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	I placed duplicated order
0	pay for order	I cannot pay for my order
0	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
0	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	Where can I put the tracking number to track?
0	add card on payment	can we make payment through debit card
0	want to delete your profile?	i want the number for your company
0	I forgot the security question	I forgot to write a surname in the contact name
1	I want a live chat	i want to chat
0	you can not help me	Can you help me to contact the supplier?
0	I need ask give number	i need a contact phone number
0	My membership level are not added	How can I cancel my membership?
0	Can you see where it is	Where can I see the recipient?
0	but I sent you a video!!!!	I has sent you a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What will happen?
1	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	package is shipped to wrong address
0	I want the money as soon as I will not try again or buy anything from you	My credit card was deducted from my account even I never bought anything from you
1	are you sure that you cain t help me??	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	wanting place an order but i cannot	I cannot place order, what can I do?
0	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	what should i do next?
0	I've ordered something and tomorrow it's been 3 weeks and he's still not help me	I am looking for a seller I ordered before. Can you help me?
0	I can not pay because "You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again."	Can you please tell me your email address
0	I want to buy the cards in my shopping cart. How can I get you to print my instructions on them please?	How can I get my shopping invoices?
1	you are the 4th person I have now talked to about the same problem. Can i speak to a supervisor? I was told I was going to receive an email within 24hrs about an appeal.	Can I speak with a live person?
0	What happens to my order when my shipment status says "shipment canceled"?	Can I cancel my order if the order status says Payment Processing?
0	How can I get express shipping on my order	how fast i can get my order.
1	Please check the history on this site	Where is the order history?
1	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	What can I do if the seller refuse my refund request?
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017 go to hell	please tell me what happened to my items
0	I want to shipped my order all	My order is shipped but I did not receive it.
0	i'm live in india so how much time to i get product?	How much is a product?
0	please clear the cookies in your browser?	Please advise me your service phone number
0	No "start chatting"	I want to start work with dropship
0	how to send image using app	How do I start using TradeManager?
0	I purchased an iteam yesterday and i have been charged the iteam which is showing on my credit card statement am trying to find out why when i go into my purchase history is not showing the order number or tracking number	I cannot find my tracking number
1	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	can I transfer the refund to my new order
0	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	Do I have a tracking number for my order?
0	read my question before answer pls	Pls help me to check on my order
0	I have not received the shipment	I have not received the coupon
0	Can not pay in cash?	Can you pay in cash on delivery?
0	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	I sent email to seller how do I read the answer and how do I know when they answer
1	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	Any phone that I can talk to you?
0	i have brought a wi fi printer from you before and i paid it via a credit card...	I cannot make the payment via credit card
0	Contact your reseller in his name Yvone Lee	What is your name?
1	i want to ask my order	can I ask a question about an order?
0	my order is not moving	When will my order be unfrozen?
0	i can't find it	i am in
0	and i am out of time	I am running out of time to leave feedback
0	how to retrieve password	I cannot restore password
0	Please, the term of the purchase protection is over, can you return my money? Do I have to wait for the dispute? The error was in sending the site, the merchandise was not sent to Brazil. Thank you.	do you have money?
0	We are unable to create an account	I cannot create an account because the email already exists
0	I had not receive my merchandise	I had a problem with your order
0	shipment was cancelled	Which is fastest shipment?
0	Hello! Good night. I need your help for.. I can not issue a ticket to pay an account	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
1	its take too long time	Why my order take a long time to come and I cannot track orders?
1	i cannot use select coupon	Why can't I use my select coupon?
0	ok but we don't requested the our goods in your mentioned period	what do we need to do to correct the zip code on our order
1	how to pay via western union	How to pay by Western Union
0	Top ten items which sold in 2017 at top	How can I delete TradeManager from my desktop?
1	Hello, can you help me?	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	dear i want not buy. its for place a order and the seller can change the price	I want to place the order from local store
1	i bought five cell phones and ipad	i placed order and paid.
0	all orders are from different sellers	I want to ask if all sellers are from China? Or are there also other sellers
1	how to I search for a specific store name?	How can I find a specific company?
1	how can I pay paypal?	Can I pay by PayPal via buyer protection?
0	Need return address for two pair of tennis shoes or exchange for one size larger	Is it possible to merge two accounts into one?
0	You do not understand anything I tell you.	do you marry me?
1	I have not receive my money yet	Why have not I get a refund yet?
0	the color number was L	I want to change color
0	how to set my currency	how do i know my local currency rate
1	i cannot see my order	I cannot see the order I paid for.
1	How do I get a coupon back	How to get my coupon back if last order completed
0	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	I want to place order by phone
0	buyer protection has ended	Seller response time has ended
1	how do I report a fraud seller	How do I report a seller?
1	Ho do You speak italian?	Do you speak portuguese?
0	verify the email	how long it take to verify the payment?
0	I have new mail	Can I pay by mail?
0	why I cannot upload photo in my dispute	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	What is my Wish List for	How can I email my wish list?
1	yes i need help	I need help.
0	please can u give mave ur number to call	can u please help me?
0	the seller have other behavior	I have paid seller offline
0	I have contacted them, but they tell me to wait a while for them to arrive. But that's not the problem. It has arrived, but defective; And they just tell me to wait for me to arrive	Is there anything that you want to tell me?
0	I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	Can I pay for 20 items?
0	when I open a dispute	Why I cannot open dispute?
0	my order is still processing	My order still not received my coupon
1	i have attached all documents	I has sent all documents for credit card verification. What will happen?
1	can i talk to a live person?	is there a way i can speak to a live person via phone??
0	my What is price	The supplier changes the price immediately after I place my order. What can I do?
0	Am looking at super thick 3D wood log wallpaper mural paper	What is 3D secure code?
1	is this a fucking computer?	are you a computer program?
0	can i know my payment status	I want to know if I can make my payment with American Express
0	how to delete messages	how do i read messages
0	it's my third time	How to extend my buyer protection time?
0	how can I adjust the product at the time of delivery??	How can I check if you have my right address for delivery?
1	can I speak with someone?	How do I speak to someone online?
1	someone used my account	I did not place a order. Someone used my card
1	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	My money has been taken out from my bank but I did not get confirmation
0	Sorry but it's too much for you to make it human, you say a lot of repeat phase!	are you a human person or a machine?
0	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	tracking number for returned order
0	But money send	Will you send an email to let me know my money has been refunded?
1	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	I cannot submit my dispute form
1	I have 7 orders which I have not received. They have all passed their open dispute dates	I do not have open dispute option in my order
0	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	Can you issue invoice for order which I just received?
0	How to Disable automatic login to russian site	How do I switch off Russian language?
1	Hello, I wish to know the status of my dispute	Can I know what happens with my dispute?
1	Where I can find an information for a refused dispute	Where can I find my dispute cases?
1	how to get the order number	How to get my order number?
0	exchange coins to coupons	Will coins return when cancel preorder?
0	How Do I change my password	How do I change the language on my account?
0	good day I made a purchase 6 months ago and did not arrive the seller says he had problems with customs. but it has not solved me neither the refund nor the product I need help since he does not answer me	talk to me
1	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
1	hey. is this online chat?	is this chat online?
0	Hey. My account is locked. I am an honest buyer, did not open disputes for no reason. I ask you to unlock the account.	I am not able to create an account
0	i mean is that the case?	I wanna know the status of my case
1	HI, Anyone there can answer my question? thanks	do you have an answer on my question
0	I feel like I talk with a robot and I don't like this.	I don't know
0	what card I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me error	Why there is error Message not in English?
1	I want invoice	I want an invoice
0	how to open a dispute	How to add pictures to the dispute?
1	change card information	How can I change my payment information?
1	when will my order be placed	when my order was shipped?
0	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	I have already paid the claim and it appears Suspicious Order
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	i want the refund for this product!
1	upload video evidence	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	ok but we don't requested the our goods in your mentioned period	How long is the complaint period?
0	coins are not added	How do I use the coins?
1	how to see buyer protection	How does Buyer Protection protect payment?
0	HOW TO REMOVE MY CARD	how do I remove items from my required payments list?
0	i am not able to see dispute option	I am not able to pay through debit card
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do I change the email on my account?
0	I have problem product	I have login problem
1	Hello. I am trying to use a discount code and it is not allowing me to input the code	How can I use the coupon or coupon code?
0	how to remove card	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
0	add credit card information	Do not use a credit card
0	but there is no email address to send?	I sent email to seller how do I read the answer and how do I know when they answer
0	Wanting place an order but the system don't put it in my basket	my order was shipped to another place
0	i am unable to join	I am unable to open a dispute
0	which account the refund money	When will refund my money from a canceled order?
0	how can i just place preorder?	How to cancel preorder?
0	I already did this is nothing.	I opened a dispute and so far nothing
0	Con tact seller	Seller has not received the payment
1	and l do not know english and the translator is not going	how do you learn english
0	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	I order a product but did not receive any email confirmation
0	Hello. I reached out for customer service 3 times now.	Why I paid two times?
1	how to contact s	How do I contact the vendor?
0	No how to modify the mobile phone number?	How to modify my home address?
0	hello, i click in product received	I received a defective product
0	click here ,where?	hi any one here
0	how to search good seller	How do I search product?
0	I have not received any attention from the seller	I have not received my refund from the seller
1	how to delete my card	How can I delete my card from my account?
1	how to add video to dispute?	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	How do I cancel my order after made ??it?
1	When will refund be done?	When will I receive my refund?
0	upload video evidence	How long is the examination of the evidence of the dispute?
0	i just want to log in but where is my password	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
1	Do you speak italian?	do you speak french?
1	I didn't receive my order?	My order is shipped but I did not receive it.
0	i am not satisfied with dispute result	I am failed to open a dispute
1	cant speak to live chat	Eva this live chat is not working
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	I want to buy a product
0	When i pay for an item in the shopping cart, you already have my credit card details saved, I'm not happy with that.	Why I cannot add item to Shopping Cart?
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	Why I have not received my confirmation email?
0	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	I do not see where I enter the dress size?
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	I don't speak english
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	I placed duplicated order
1	where is this Appeal button?	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	I need small help from you
0	just want to know exchange sizes	i want to know now
0	Hello, I have not been able to pay for some articles because it tells me that there is an error that I try later. can you help me	the seller change Carrier without telling me and now he want me to pay extra charges
0	but I would like to know if it's possible for me to get samples or pay for samples of some of the products before I buy large quantities	I would like to know the feedback of a seller.
1	I need to talk to the online service.	I need to talk to a supervisor
0	what will happen when I open dispute	I have escalated dispute. What will happen?
1	I want love dispute open but i can't	I cannot open dispute
0	Hello! Is it posible to see what rewiews sellers have given about me? Where can I find the rewiews?	Where can I see the messages I have sent to the supplier?
0	need Artificial services	payment for services
0	I cant open dispute because it's delivered	How do I open dispute?
0	how do i see coupon	How do I use Select Coupon?
1	how to file complaint	Can I file a complaint against the seller?
0	why not received a reward from lucky forest	My order was cancelled but I have received things from this site.
0	$$32.80 was taken from my account	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	You refused my dispute on a product, while I sent the requested photos to the seller. How to challenge this decision?	My seller has sent out the product. I want to cancel the order
1	how do I get the order number	How to get my order number?
1	can i speak to a real person?	can i speak to a person?
0	pay for order	I fail to pay my order
1	I will ask something	i wanna ask you something
0	When I bought, on the online page there is written delivery 30-50 days!	The product I bought it does not work
0	how to open a dispute	how to withdraw escalated dispute?
0	I can not cancel the dispute.	how to cancel accepted dispute
0	I ordered tea bags in November	I ordered in mistake. Can I cancel it?
0	when a need to select the mind i have two time october	I mistakenly placed two orders
1	How to pay using Boleto	How does the payment Boleto work?
1	I have pay with the bank	How do I pay the order by Bank Transfer?
0	i canceled order but seller send it to me. why?	Why I get an email that my order is canceled?
0	who will reimbursement seller on aliexpress	What is the best Express company?
0	I wanted to know more or less the day my products arrived?	i wanted t discuss my order
0	But money send	Money is insufficient.
0	I want to order many items but my account is under appeal	I cannot find my order under my account
0	I wanna see my tracking details	How do I revise my dispute details?
0	i do it but not working	I gave Western Union the number but it does not working.
1	how to remove feedback	Can I remove a negative feedback?
0	It is the third time that I communicate by this means	please let me know
0	seller is not not trying to refund or replace	I want to replace the broken item.
0	im trying to use a coupon	cannot use Select Coupon
1	how to add video to my dispute	How to add video as my evidence?
1	about my order	about the order
1	why is my order showing shipment cancelled?	Why my order was cancelled by email?
1	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	When will I receive my refund for cancelled order?
0	i bought five cell phones and ipad	I paid but it is listed as unpaid
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	I have been cheated
0	How to respond	Supplier does not respond to claim
0	you have other mode to pay. no card	How to pay with debit card?
0	And seller don't give my money back	One of my order was canceled by seller. how can i receive my money back?
0	I have 7 orders which I have not received. They have all passed their open dispute dates	I have not received the refund but I won the dispute
1	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	do you have a phone number?
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
1	Need return address for two pair of tennis shoes or exchange for one size larger	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	I have new mail	I have received a very offensive e-mail from a trader I am in dispute with
0	I speak slowly because I use google translate	I want refund because parcel is not arrived
0	My question is not there	Did you answer my question?
1	Eva are you for real, like a real person or a robot.	Is this Real or Robot
0	order long time?	Order closed by time out
1	how to stop receiving mails	I am receiving unsolicited emails and want it stop
0	what is happening	What is a lot?
0	where is the dispute detail page	page in maintenance
0	Hello money i want to do what i have to do what i have to do	I have not received my goods, what can I do
0	How to delete an order in shopping cart	How to use shopping cart?
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	Where do I find discount coupons?
0	im trying to figure out why order was cancelled	I'll try to figure it out
0	my shipment is cancelled	My order is closed for No Shipment.
0	has nothing to do w my order	I do not know if the shipper has sent my order.
0	Payment failed Reason: The service is currently unavailable. Suggestion: You may choose another card or payment method to continue your payment.	use other payment method
1	When will I get the parcel?	When am I going to get my order?
0	I want a product to advertise on YouTube for free	If the product I received is not the right one, can I return it free of charge?
0	I need to know my order status	I need to check my order status but i do not remember which email and password
0	I wanna buy something product but very difficult, how to pay money	I wanna buy something but I cannot buy it. What should I do?
0	l understand my problem is costing me a lot of writing and does not give me an explanation	give me a phone number
1	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	I sent my item back
0	my order was processed without me confirming payment details	I cannot find my order details.
0	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	How do I request partial refund
0	delivery time filter, you can specify	Can you pay in cash on delivery?
0	Hi. I have not received my products, and the status is finished now.	How can I delete the products I have received from the list?
1	pay as one	How can I pay all my orders with one payment?
0	may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	I want to know the mediation status.
1	a need a real person to talk to	Are you a real person?
0	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	How do I request a refund?
0	I want full refund of products	I want a price on some products.
0	You don't understand that the buyer protection has ended and I was not refunded and I didn't get my order.	I don't know.
0	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	how to find a good seller?	Is there any way to find verified seller?
1	how to reach the payment support team?	how do i contact service team
0	So how can I chat with human	Can I chat with my seller?
0	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	The site will not allow me to open a dispute
1	I canceled the order but have not yet refunded my money	Why has my order not been refunded after it was canceled
1	How do I change my email address	How do I change the email on my account?
0	i want know when i need data to use it	I don't know how to use it.
0	Hi, I need help with my appeal	I need your help with my purchase
0	I can't pay when I try to order a product and ship it to Mexico	How can I clarify a product size or color when placing my order?
0	and its cost me in my health already	I have already paid for my orde, but the order status has not changed
0	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	How can I email my wish list?
1	how to retrieve password	How to set my password?
0	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	I made ??a refund but received the order. How do I return money to the seller?
0	how to file complaint	How long is the complaint period?
1	it is work, thanks	thanks for help
0	and its cost me in my health already	website shows that my order already been delivered, but i did not received
0	What is select coupon	What can I do for coupon issue?
1	extend buyer protection.	I want to extend buying protection
0	Escalate Judgement from AE	Why can not I escalate dispute?
0	chat now not working	chat with a people
1	customer service number	i need a number to call customer service
1	How to i open a dispute	How do I open a dispute?
0	Ryley knows my problem	Why the seller knows my email address?
0	please someone who knows spanish l find it hard to write and translate and then translate what he writes to me	It's hard to talk to a machine. I want to talk to someone.
0	I have informed you 3 times	i have placed 3 orders
0	how to change payment method	Why there is no Boleto payment method?
0	how to change card	How to change the language into english
0	so can't do bank payment if t	I did the payment in currency in bank, how do I receive that return?
0	I have new mail	do you have any e mail address
0	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	I have problem with my computer
0	how do I report a fraud seller	how can i protect myself from fraud
0	Can I get payment receipt for orders of all sellers?	How can I pay all my orders with one payment?
0	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	can you tell me something about the status of my orders
0	MONEY NOT RETURNED	the product has been returned to the seller. When can I get my money
0	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	i have placed an order
0	I have a problem with the bad seller	I have a problem with payment
1	how to report the seller.	How do I report a seller?
1	i want to get receipt	I wanna get receipt
1	how to contact customer service.	how to contact customer service
1	thanks for your help	thanks for help
0	I placed an order and a dispute was opened and still haven't got my refund for over a month now.	I got married and my last name is changed now
0	where d0 i get my 20%	Can I pay for 20 items?
0	how to use select coupon?	cannot use Select Coupon
0	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I am waiting
0	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	I cannot find my tracking number
0	I have registered with an incorrect email address	You have entered incorrect e-mail
0	I can not find Manage Feedback in the app	How can I leave a feedback?
0	how to file payment appeal?	How do I file complaint?
0	how to check membership level?	Why my membership level is not counted incorrectly?
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us dollars or our currency?	How long will it take if I order from you
1	my Shipment cancelled	Why my payment got cancelled?
0	A couple of weeks ago I searched for NASA shirts in the store, back then it had many results. But now it has no results. How can I find those products again?	What if there are too many search results?
0	how to apply warranty	How do I apply a coupon code?
0	hello, how can I invite friends	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	i cant find the ideal icon?	I want to find the product
1	Where to see coupon page	Where is my coupon?
0	never mind this suck I will order at light in the box	never mind see you later
0	It was not bank transfer	Do you do bank transfer?
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	i have placed an order
0	how to open dispute in app	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
0	no.. i was trying to view new search	i cannot view the size chart
0	How to check my wishlist	How do I check my coupon?
1	as a human	any human there
0	i cancelled my order with the seller already	I already pay my order and supplier do not have the goods
0	you hopeless piece of shit	What does sold by piece mean?
1	Eva, I have not received shipping and tracking info on my order. I also have messaged the seller 2 times within the last few days and have not received a reply.	I have not received the order and the tracking number given is wrong.
1	Because my order never gets in hold always goes to paid instantly	the seller never sent my order
1	i want to speak to a real person	can i chat with a real person
0	What happen if I close a dispute	Can I reopen dispute after I close it?
0	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	I received the wrong size for my product
0	It turns out that I received the order but it was in poor condition. It's deteriorated. Sorry for my writing, but I do not know English and I'm using a translator.	How do I pay for my order using western union?
0	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	i wanted t discuss my order
0	I received an item that I was sent a refund for, how do I pay now?	I did not receive my item. How do I get a refund?
0	Why is the shipment cancelled	reorder with cancelled amount
1	you are a computer?	are you a live person or a computer
0	Forgive me, but how to take a screenshot?	how long does it take to deliver
0	and have not received the item yet	I never received my item. it was closed by mistake.
0	I have try. I have a new card. I need to changed card number, How do I do?	I do not have Visa card
0	But I have new email address	can i have a two accounts with same email
1	how to contact customer service	how do i email to customer service
0	i can not pay with IDEAL, my bank said there is nothing wrong with my IDEAL,	i want to pay with my bank card
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	How can I add my P.O box in shipping address?
0	I want to send you a photo for asking you if an item is available to any supplier of your site. Is it possible and how I can do that?	on your site I have not found this product, can you help me find him?
0	My issue here is my order not receive and your customer service not reachable. Please help.	what number can i call for customer service here in the US?
0	Hi I can not pay	Hi! I'M Brazilian
1	my price forward	I want to ask the price
0	awaiting for payment	My order is still awaiting payment
0	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	Nice talking with you.
0	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	I have not received my goods, what can I do
1	remove my card number	How can I remove a card from my account?
1	What is my Wish List for	What is a wish list?
1	Give my money back 149 uds	I want my money back.
0	answer the question	I'm tired to play with your stupidity but answer my question!
1	The seller is a cheater!	I have problem with order. The seller is a liar and a cheater.
0	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	I want to open dispute
0	how to extend buyer's protection	How does Buyer Protection protect payment?
1	how to file a complaint	Can I file a complaint against the seller?
0	how to remove feedback	how to remove unnecessary unpaid order?
0	Because before I was able to order hair by 3 pieces but now it's no longer possible	Why I am not able to place an order?
0	remove card details	I need to change my credit card details.
1	how do i add shipping address?	How do I set up shipping address?
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	I cannot upload photo into my message to seller
0	please to meet you too	You speak please
1	how to upload evidence	I cannot upload the attachment
0	I request dispute	i want to close a request
0	my email is	Why my order was cancelled by email?
1	how do add feedback for seller?	How do I leave feedback for the seller?
0	please read above	None of the above
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	Where is it now?
0	i have not received my order.	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
1	I want to check if they were really ordered, if do i need to cancel one of them	I placed order twice and want to cancel one.
0	how can i change my credit card details	How can I change my profile?
0	if i sell here, can i get the payment sent to my paypal account?	Can I use PayPal? There is no option on payment selection
1	Is there a way to delete my account?	How to delete my account?
0	my order says the crown ink pens unavailable i have already paid	I paid for my order already, but no message from my bank
0	i am in mexico, do i need an permission to receive my orden?	I need to receive merchandise soon.
0	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	I am unable to respond to an email sent from my seller?
0	I have forgotten my password &amp; when I try &amp; reset my password from the email it is not connecting or when I copy &amp; paste web site to brower, its not showing the site, I just want a new password so i can check my account, but nothing is working	I forget my account password
0	How to upload MP4 in dispute	how to check dispute reason
0	how to open a dispute	Open Dispute for completed orders
1	Are you able to help me	can you help me with something
0	buyer protection time notification	Escrow Buyer Protection
0	I can only speak Japanese. However, you can respond at the translation site.	I can not put my address on the site, says it only gives in English.
1	hello can you help me please have you time	can u please help me?
1	When can I speak to real person????	can i chat with a real person
0	How do I remove my email address from your mailing list	remove orders from my transaction list
0	How do I stop seller sending messages?	How do I send messages to seller?
0	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	I want to know more on my claim
0	is your site secure	Your site will not let enter my address in Portuguese
0	I do not have the order number only the ticket	Why I do not have my money so far?
0	unresolved refund status	the status shows waiting for acceptance,
0	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to change comments.
0	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	Can you give me a discount if I place a large order
0	how do I undo the dispute so that they get paid?	how can i get dispute button back
0	how to change price	How to change the language into english
1	can you answer my question	do you have an answer on my question
0	Still not there either	are you still there?
1	Can you delete my account and I will start again	How can i delete my profile?
0	How to find the order number?	How can I find a product ID number?
1	wrong email address	I put the wrong email address.
1	add video evidence	How to add video as my evidence?
0	when I am not log in to my account, i can view the info page	How can I log out my account?
0	will you deliver to usa	Why I cannot deliver my goods to China?
0	my account no work	My product does not work
0	How to manage my shopping cart	How to manage my orders?
0	hi i need to cancel my order please and need my money refunded as soon as possible	hi i need to tell u something about my order
0	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	I tried to purchase but it says this product can not be shipped to my country
1	can I speak with someone?	can i tell with someone?
0	Don't bother helping. This is not helping.	i dont speak english good
1	this is my order ID	this is my order id
1	How to leave feedback in seller store	How do I leave feedback?
1	change the size	I want to change size in an order
0	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
0	The product came but I can not transfer the money to the seller	Can I transfer money to another order?
0	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	How do I report abuse to feedback?
0	I was just sent an email re a dispute telling me to email seller or go to trade dispute. I have no email for seller and couldn't find trade dispute any where on your website	i have a dispute with the seller
0	I been on this line over one hour speaking in person is better is better for me as you can see this is hard	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	how do i place order?	How do I resume order?
1	how to open a dispute'	How do I open a dispute?
0	Hello, I'd like to join your affiliate program and I'd like to use my YouTube channel. Can I use my YouTube channel link for the website	I can not use my coupon
0	i forgot my password and security answer	I forgot to put my name on shipping address
0	refund status unresolved	What is the status of my order?
0	how can i add my product for sale	How can I ask for a model of my product?
1	how to find reliable seller	How do I find reliable sellers?
0	but i already paid for it	I am Brazilian and can I to buy what I want?
1	How do I change my email address	I need change my email address.
1	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	would it be possible to speak with someone who can help me
0	i make the payment but no shipment yet	can i make payment using debit card
0	Do I have to have an account with your company to order a product?	I have to buy product, do not understand the size
0	I have received products I didn't order. I did order from another company which do not seem to be connected to you	I will never order from this company again
0	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	the seller change Carrier without telling me and now he want me to pay extra charges
1	Hi, I am having trouble with my payment	I am having a trouble with my payment going through
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	I want to cancel the order but the seller does not respond.
0	upload video evidence.	I cannot upload attachment.
0	I talked to the saller	i am in
1	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	My items never came
1	Ho do You speak italian?	Do you speak
0	how to use warranty service?	how to contact customer service
0	The seller doesn't respond to me. What should I do?	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
0	why cant i pay?	why can't I pay with maestro card?
0	how can I open dispute	When can I open a dispute?
0	Can I buy without a mobile?	Can I trust seller without reviews?
0	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	How can I open dispute if order complete?
0	credit card details	My credit card is overcharged
0	where is the coupon located	Where is that at?
0	that does not work	How does Moneybookers work?
0	how I pay money for my product what I choose	How do I choose shipping method?
0	when I open a dispute	I want to open dispute
0	How to chance shipping courier	How much is shipping to Europe?
0	I have speak with one of your colleagues and they told me that they will see	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	How to check my wishlist	How can I email my wish list?
0	why is my dispute invalid	Why it says CPF invalid?
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to make one payment for your items.
0	how to feedback	How to report feedback abuse?
0	I cannot sign into my accounts. I have two accounts with you and both are blocked	I cannot sign in on Facebook page.
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
1	no i can not hardly with customer attention	How can i contact a customer support in person via phone?
1	no i can not hardly with customer attention	Can you provide customer email?
0	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	I made ??a refund but received the order. How do I return money to the seller?
0	Subject: random product link/button Hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a ran	I love you.
1	I can not upload videos or photos to the dispute	How can I upload the file?
0	can i order on company name?	Can I change my last name on this account?
0	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	Why I enter it, it say I have no authorization to sign in?
1	OMG can you get a supervisor please?	I need to talk to a supervisor
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	I have place many orders pending of payment. I want to pay all of them together.
1	how to add video to dispute?	How to add video?
0	I want to place an order but I cannot	I want to place order by phone
1	can i speak to a real person?	can I speak with a real person?
0	why is it that they do not make mens shoes in size 12 US	Do I have to pay taxes to us customs
0	never mind this suck I will order at light in the box	i order product i never received
0	How to chance shipping courier	How long is the shipping time?
0	post sell claim	I want to sell your products
0	i want to pay the amount with gift card	I want to reorder with cancelled amount
0	This is the order number.	How to get my order number?
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	Why do I keep getting an error when trying to pay for my things?
1	We cannot place orders on chrome or safari	I want to place an order but I cannot
0	how to delete messages	How can i get messages
0	exchange coins to coupons	What is outward office of exchange?
1	I can not use a coupon or get discount.	I can not use my coupon
0	did not receive my order and the seller is not responding back	my dispute is closed but I did not get my money back
0	Ok thank you the last question are you Spanish women	Thank you so much
0	i have a appeal in process	I have a question on refund.
0	I could not pay for my order and I've already supplied an appeal and it was approved	I have not got my refund that was approved
0	I want to shipped order all at once	How do I pay it all at once?
0	I hope you understand what I said	I have placed order but they said transaction closed.
1	i sent a request but nothing came through	I opened a dispute and so far nothing
1	Is there a real person who can help me?	can i speak to a real person not computer to help me
0	i need to open dispute	I cannot open a dispute. I need your help.
0	how do I report the seller?	I want to report a feedback given by seller
0	How do I use a coupon or discount	How do I use seller coupon?
1	how can I remove from cart?	How do I remove items from Shopping Cart?
1	i am not satisfied with dispute result	I am dissatisfied with claim result. What can I do?
0	really so I have to stay online for yet another half hour?	Why have not I get a refund yet?
0	Why does it take so long for my payment to be processed	Why do items take so long to ship to my country?
1	What is the maximum amount of time a dispute lasts?	My dispute lasts too much time. What can I do?
0	how to save payment method	another payment method
0	The chat button is not working	The submit button on dispute form is not working
0	I can't open dispute. Time is over	Can I open a dispute I canceled
0	l pay an extra to send the q s fast it turns out that now l am sent from china	is your company from china?
0	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	I lost my order information
0	i don't have delete signed	why don't you have customer care number
1	No speak english	no speak english
0	I ordered something and it's on my way, but I still do not have him after 3 weeks	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
0	hi, the seller gave me a new tracking number. how must i use it?	I placed an order but did not give me any tracking number
0	I'm interested in a kind of Minnie sheet	What kind of card can be used for payment?
0	Yes me too..	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	Hello, please help me ASAP	Please help with coupon
0	Ich use invoices.	Can I use the coupon?
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	Why I paid for same product twice?
1	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	There is no option to open a dispute in this order.
0	can't leave feedback	Can I leave a private feedback?
1	How can I get a refund	How can I get a refund?
0	contact the seller?	The seller will not contact me
0	I haven't received some ring sizers i ordered.	Do you have a phone number i can ring?
0	What is coupon	I did not receive my coupon, what can I do?
1	restore order list	I paid for items and they are not in the order list.
0	You're saying same things. The buyer protection has ended. I didn't receive my order.	Is Buyer Protection the same as Escrow?
0	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	I have placed order but they said transaction closed.
0	How do I exchange app coins	I do not have my coins
1	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	When will I get my order?
1	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	I have several orders that were paid but not sent to me.
0	why my orders can not be verified?	Can I combine my orders?
1	I want to talk with a person	I need to talk to a person
0	I click the PAY NOW button and it says every time that there has been and erros so I cant pay my order	My order has been closed. When will I get my refund?
0	it said: tracking details will be available in 10 days	Page not available
0	how can i change my credit card details	How can I change my contact name?
0	and then the item would disappear from my cart	Why I cannot add item to Shopping Cart?
1	and i have a problem with my order	i have a problem with a order.
0	good evening I had a problem with my credit card and the money that was in authorization was returned, have you received my payment?	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
1	How to edit profile?	How can I edit my profile?
0	save credit card	credit card fraud
0	Can you guys ship out the items with 1 day shipping?	Can you ship to my country?
1	change the size	I want to change size
1	you have other mode to pay. no card	I do not have a credit card, how can I pay?
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	I would like to know when my order will arrive
0	why is it that they do not make mens shoes in size 12 US	What size is 7 in us?
0	How can I find sellers feedback in me, in the app (android)	How can I find the feedback I have left?
0	A couple of weeks ago I searched for NASA shirts in the store, back then it had many results. But now it has no results. How can I find those products again?	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
0	see above question	None of the above
0	how to change payment method	Is PayPal accepted as a payment method?
0	so i was buying a case	How can I get in touch with the seller before buying?
0	here you have order number	Will you be here everyday?
0	No how to modify the mobile phone number?	How to have a phone number please?
0	I have no visa card and debit card	I can not pay with debit visa card
0	Nice to know you.	Have a nice day.
1	connect live chat again	i need a live person to chat with
0	please send me phone number because no one can help my problem	Please help me to get my parcel
0	I am constantly trying to contact the seller and he did not respond I need a product invoice to send to customs	I have been trying to contact a seller but he has not answer me
0	i need open dispute	Why I cannot open dispute?
0	I try now	i am ill now
0	how do i get coupons and discounts	How to get seller coupons?
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	I have placed same order four times
0	I do not have the order number only the ticket	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
0	you can not help me	Can you help me?
1	i ordered a phone, its broken	The product is broken. How do I change it for a new one?
0	how can i remove order received from my order list	remove from mailing list
0	I wrote may a week ago a report on this site. Please check it	I want to report seller
1	How to verify your account	Please help verify my account
0	no, i can not order anything	I have not received anything
0	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	What size do I need to get?
0	I have registered with an incorrect email address	I already registered. How do I pay for your order?
0	i do not have a question relating to the above mentioned question.	I have a question on purchasing this product.
0	i have attached all documents	I did all the steps to make a claim and have received no response.
0	When I bought, on the online page there is written delivery 30-50 days!	Can you speed up the shipment of goods, not within 30 days?
0	how to reset my password	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
0	my last commande i buy this	I am having some troubles with my last order
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	how do I find out if I need to pay import tax
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	Why I got error of internet connection problem?
0	how to find order	How do I find out if my order went through?
0	I just wrote my query	I just received my order and I am not happy with it.
1	cant speak to live chat	can we chat live?
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
1	what is order number	what is a local number
0	Hello, i made an order on 20th of April	I made the payment, but the order was frozen
1	how to leave feedback to the seller	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	I wanted to reach out because I am on my second appeal in 1 week	How do I know my order reach my country?
1	I am not able to use my coupon, when I will finalize a purchase my coupon does not appear	Why can not I use my coupon?
0	how can i just place preorder?	i just place an order
0	did you even give a answer	Can you give discount?
1	i ordered a phone. its broken	The product is broken. How do I change it for a new one?
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	why I cannot keep track of your order by tracking number?
0	when I open a dispute	I am failed to open a dispute
0	how to use rewards points	How to use promotion code?
0	my order isn't being processed	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	seller is not responding	There is no rating for the seller
0	i haven't received my order	I cannot make my order
0	how to delete messages in app	how to delete unpaid order
0	AND THAT I GOT A LANTERN BUT THE SELLER DOES NOT MEET MY MESSAGE!	How do I respond to the seller message?
0	can I sell?	Can I cancel preorder?
0	I have an issue	I want to learn coupon issue.
1	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	Why I am not able to place an order?
1	I want to change the size	I made a purchase and want to change the size
1	I have no visa card and debit card	I do not have Visa card
0	Are you an idiot? I need to remove or delete an appeal.	i would like to remove an order
0	but i cancel within minute when i raised the order	I have not received payment within 10 days
0	to ask someone for my order	is there someone else there who you can ask?
0	what is dispute	What is the solution of dispute?
0	how to pay using idea	How do I pay using PayPal?
0	canceled no shipment	Which is fastest shipment?
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	The order has not been paid
1	no i can not hardly with customer attention	can i call customer services
0	how to upload picture to dispute	I cannot upload the picture for some reason
0	Unable to sign in due to the code problem	I was unable to make payment
1	I have a problem since one day ago	I have one question.
1	How to change shipping address	How can I change the wrong shipping address?
0	how to remove credit card information?	How do I change credit card?
0	exceeded number of items	I want to reorder some items.
0	can you send goods to iran?	Can you send me a price list?
0	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to change the order. Do I need cancel all orders and open new ones?
0	Payment failed Reason: The service is currently unavailable. Suggestion: You may choose another card or payment method to continue your payment.	Is PayPal accepted as a payment method?
1	I only paid the same order twice	I was charged twice for the same order
0	i have a cuestion	I have a question on refund.
0	How to reset account password	Why can not I reset password?
0	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
0	My money is not in my account	dispute is closed and the money in my account is not returned. What to do?
0	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	I paid an order but it is still shows the same status
0	Hello I am havin this message when trying to buy something For system security reasons, we need to verify your identity. Please check your email within 24 hours for instructions regarding additional information to provide to us to complete the verification	Please take me off your email list
1	how can I open a dispute?	How do I open an dispute?
0	I'm interested in a kind of Minnie sheet	you are so kind
0	my shipment has been cancelled	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
0	and me too	i am clever too
0	leave a feedback	Why I cannot leave feedback?
0	My money is not in my account	why my orders are not paid although money is written off from my account
1	i want to know is that any store with that name	I want to find a store
0	I canceling order i made by an mistake	I confirmed order received by mistake.
0	i cant login my account	Why after I click pay for my order, it sends me back to login?
1	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	Why i can not pay with my maestro card?
1	we talk about my order bearing	about my order
0	I didn't receive my order?	I accidentally pushed confirm delivery but I did not received my order.
1	I cannot open a dispute	I tried to open dispute for an order cannot submit
0	Did you receive my order back yet?	My order is shipped but I did not receive it.
1	cannot leave feedback	I cannot leave feedback on an transaction.
1	the payment write For security reasons this process can not be continued.	Why my order is closed for security reasons again?
0	how to set my currency	How do I set up an invoice?
1	so how to do it &gt;	so what i have to do
0	where is this Appeal button?	Where is sign out button?
1	are you computer?	are you a computer program?
0	remove my card details	I want remove My order
0	I HAVE A PURCHASE ON YOUR WEBSITE BEFORE REGISTERING, AT THIS TIME THE ORDER IS BUGGED IN THE CUSTOMS AND DHL NEEDS THE PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER.	Is there a number I can call to make my purchase
1	how to place order	I would like to place an order.
0	hello i cain t order	i didn't ask you that
0	I have not received the shipment	Can I have integrated shipment?
0	I would like to know about an object that I bought and that I can not access the tracking by the code	I would like to know what with my order?
0	i am not satisfied with dispute result	I am not satisfied with the goods
1	hi, i see this link but i have question.	i have a question
0	how can I check order number?	How can I know the tracking number of my order?
0	how to extend buyer protection time	How do I pay securely without Buyer Protection?
0	extend delivery time	Can I extend processing time?
1	Can I talk with a REAL person?	Ask a real person to talk to me!
0	how many items I add in my wish list	Add items from wish list to shopping cart
0	where can i find my barcode	I made an order from you. Where can I find my invoice?
1	thanks for your help	I need your help
1	how many days to get a refund	How many days will I receive my money if cancel order
0	my orders were cancelled	You have Orders which were not placed successfully
0	please read above	can you read
1	how do i delete my account	how do i end my account
0	i want to be seller	I want to know the contact detail of a seller.
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	This item has problem
0	Hello. I bought a dress last month, I paid and it was already shipped. However, today I went to look at where the dress was and saw that the request had been canceled. What happened?	What if I already paid?
0	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	I received the product and money back
0	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	How to extend my buyer protection time?
1	how to respond dispute	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
0	Can I reopen a dispute	I want to reopen an order.
1	Unable to sign in due to the code problem	Why I fail to sign in?
0	yes i did multiple orders	How do I combine payment for multiple orders?
1	How to edit profile?	How can I change my profile name?
1	my orders were cancelled	Why my order is cancelled?
0	I need an assistance with my order	I need tracking number for my order
0	Credit card confirmation	credit card fraud
1	how do I remove my credit card details	How can I remove a card from my account?
0	The payment was by ticket	Seller has not received the payment
0	Hello! Is it posible to see what rewiews sellers have given about me? Where can I find the rewiews?	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	I want to buy the cards in my shopping cart. How can I get you to print my instructions on them please?	I want to buy a product but i cannot add to my cart
0	How to chance shipping courier	how long will shipping take
1	seller don't answer me	the seller does not give me answer my request.
0	reset account password	i tried to reset password but did not work
0	the tracking number is not available, so i contacted the seller	I do not have a tracking number
0	I dont see my question and Im just trying to make a order but your website is not responding	Im confused with your reply
0	I have contacted them, but they tell me to wait a while for them to arrive. But that's not the problem. It has arrived, but defective; And they just tell me to wait for me to arrive	tell me whether it is a reliable seller
0	i forgot my password and security answer	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	Do I get my money back if I cancel a purchase?
0	I have a question about a CNC machine	I have a question about my coupons
1	How can I change feedback	how do I change a feedback displayed?
0	after open dispute	I cannot open dispute
0	Closed dispute in favor of the store	seller store closed
0	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	How do I post my products to your site?
1	i need call with you	i cant call you
0	I need to pay for a transaction but a payment pending continues to show.	How do I show prices into Euro?
0	Ok thank you the last question are you Spanish women	thank you very much
1	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
1	how to cancel escalated dispute	How to cancel dispute?
0	could you track the status of order	Can you give me the website to track my order?
0	hello, how can I invite friends	how to add friends by TM
0	hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a random page?	can you send to my country if i buy from you
0	today i saw something that i want to buy. I is on sale. the sale is due to close now. I cannot buy because I cannot log onto the site. What can I do?	I want to buy a product but i cannot add to my cart
1	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	How do I cancel the payment?
0	I'm tired of you what should I do to get some justice ????	How do I add a PO number to my order,
0	I cannot upload a video	I cannot upload documents.
0	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	I have ordered an item
0	I am asking you question	i will try to explain to you my question
1	I want to speak with the worker	i want to speak with the seller
0	how to change delivery address	How to change delivery options?
1	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	Can I transfer the refund to my new order?
0	hello i have another issue	I'm having an issue with an order I placed
1	i opened a dispute	I opened a dispute and so far nothing
0	I think the seller is not issuing my money	the product has been returned to the seller. When can I get my money
0	how to update mobile number?	How do I pay with mobile payment?
0	hey. is this online chat?	Internet Explorer Script Error comes when I click on I am online chat now
1	can you see my question?	Did you get my question?
0	How to see the warranty	How can i see my receipt?
0	He wrote it to me yesterday	my supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	What happens if I don't get my refund	I don't know
1	why ship by air took so long?	Why do items take so long to ship to my country?
0	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I have paid for my Order via credit card. but shows that I have not paid.
0	i haven't received my order	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
1	how to verify account	verify email address
0	i want to pay with skrill	I want to pay with debit.
0	how do I undo the dispute so that they get paid?	My request was closed after I paid, how do I get the refund?
0	seller have other behavior	i have a dispute with the seller
0	i am very upset	I have received a very offensive e-mail from a trader I am in dispute with
1	The seller is not refunding me	The seller will not contact me
0	You don't understand, I don't have an order number but you took my money	I don't know
0	i give them time to do something	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	how to send image	How can I contact the seller to send information?
0	The product in Shopping Cart disappear. What can I do?	How can I use shopping cart to place order?
0	i my order have been sent on may 3rd and it's still in transit. WHY?	Have my goods been sent?
0	i accidentally cancelled my order	I cancelled the order. where my money for the goods?
0	I forgot the security question	I forgot my password
0	change card details refund	I want details of my refund
1	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	I need open a dispute
0	I mean did you take tbc here	Why you are here?
0	my order return to you?	When will you cancel my order?
0	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	I accidentally confirmed the order, and the seller does not respond. What can I do?
0	l paid an extra for the delivery because i need it in the short term	Do I need to give you the MTCN if I have paid with Western Union
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	Where can I see reply from supplier?
0	I need help with my appeal	I need some help with my account
1	I want to change the size	I want to change size in an order
1	i have to send back the item back to china	How do I send back the product?
0	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	OK WHAT I HAVE TO DO
0	coins has not added	Why my rewarded points are not added?
0	I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I paid via master card, how can I receive refund?
1	How to upload picture	How can I upload the file?
1	how to respond on dispute	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
0	I placed an order as a guest but do not have confirmation	I have placed same order four times
0	but contacted with bank nothing hold from them	My order was canceled but deducted from bank
0	when i received the order it was twenty days wrong color	I received the wrong size for my product
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	How many shipping addresses can I add?
0	always refunding progress	Why do you always give the same answers?
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
1	how can I report fraud seller	How do I report a seller?
0	seller don't answer me	give me proper answer about
1	no paypal account?	How do I set up my PayPal account?
0	I CANNOT BUY FROM CART	I want to buy a product but i cannot add to my cart
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	Are you an idiot? I need to remove or delete an appeal.	Can I remove a negative feedback?
0	I want to know If i can to speak with the seller before buy a product.	I would like to talk to someone before I buy
0	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	I paid with a debit card, when will be refunded?
1	How can i pay for my purchase?	How can I pay for my purchases?
0	sorry, you cannot help me	can you help me with
0	I have paid twitch	I have paid order. The funds was sent
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	Reason: An unknown error has occurred. Solution: Please try again later.
1	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	I made a purchase but pressed the button product received by mistake.
1	Hello, can you attend me in portuguese?	can speak in Portuguese?
0	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	I paid for my product. But when I enter the site I can not see it.
0	I had no response to my request for a refund for items production faults chat za Sunday	I want to request refund
0	I'm from Pakistan and want to re sell your products	I want to find suppliers for products
0	My tracking is not working.	My product received is not working
0	Please cancel my account as details are wrong	How can I find the details for my order?
0	i want to pay with skrill	Can I pay in installments?
0	I can not use a coupon or get discount.	Can I use the coupon?
0	can u help me with it instead	Can you give me coupon instead of refund?
1	how can I know what type of seeds I have received. There is only a bag of seeds in the parcel. Nothing more. I have three bags now	The order was made, I have not received the parcel. Why?
1	are you human? I need help	I need a human assistant
0	I need a cylinder shaped preferrably vinyl or plastic back pack or backpack cooler, or a tall can shaped backpack with printing on the entire back side	How can I pay back?
0	how to block a seller	Why security block my transaction?
1	how do i contact your seller	How do I get in contact with the seller?
0	my order isn't being processed	Why is my payment being verified while the payment has already been processed?
1	how to find a good seller?	How to select good supplier?
1	I need to know my order status	I want to know my order status.
0	I feel like I talk with a robot and I don't like this.	I feel frustrated.
1	how to return item	I want to return the item
0	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
1	do u have a phone number	do you have a phone number?
0	one package for the order	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	how to delete messages	How to delete cookies?
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	How do I delete items in my wish list?
0	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	I want to return item for a refund
0	I haven't received some ring sizers i ordered.	do you have a phone number i can ring
0	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	i will try to explain to you my question
1	delete order history	how to delete unpaid order
0	How to check my wishlist	How to check my message center
0	I had received the order, I dont need refund.	I can not open a dispute since confirmed that I had received an order
0	appeal for dispute	Dispute Case NO
1	how to upload picture	How can I upload the file?
0	i received only one shows in my order	I placed order twice and want to cancel one.
0	i ordered pokemon cards there fake	everything is fake
1	can i talk to a live person?	i want to speak to a live person
1	i cancelled an order and i need my money to go back on my card immediately	My order is cancelled and I want my money back.
1	I need ask give number	I need track number
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
0	I want to shipped my order all	I want my goods to be shipped to my agent in China
1	nice to meet u	nice to meet you
0	and will they all be the same design	Can I place all my orders in the same shipment?
0	good evening I did not receive a parcel because it was handed over to another person I opened a dispute but the seller insists that the parcel is in customs and is in the hands of a carrier But I contacted the customs and posters, the parcel was delivered	I received an empty parcel
0	i have been using your service for years. now i can't get in to sign they say my password is wrong	I placed an order but now I cannot sign in to check it
0	how to reset my account password	How can I reset my security question?
0	hello i have another issue	How can I solve my coupon issue?
1	Dispute finished. Seller agreed to refund but refund not received.	Seller accepted the terms of the dispute but there was no refund.
0	how can i change my credit card details	where can I get my refund details
0	The address was right but said it was wrong. Why are you like this?	I would like to send a email to you what is your address?
1	exceeded number of items	Why it says exceeded credit card limit?
0	Hello, I'm not a customer yet.	hello I have a problem with a store
1	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	dispute is closed and the money in my account is not returned. What to do?
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to pay for all my items with one payment
0	where is the coupon page?	page in maintenance
1	How can i get an order receipt or invoice?	How can i see my receipt?
0	Wanting place an order but the system don't put it in my basket	I cannot place my order from Washington.
0	The only way to pay for the product is with the card?	I want to buy only one product
0	i did not receive my refund yet	I did not receive the confirmation of registration in my email.
1	I cannot upload photo in dispute	I am not able to attach a photo for a dispute
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	Can I pay the seller directly?
1	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	How can I change cancel reason?
0	i have a appeal in process	I have to go for now.
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	I am trying to get access to my account but it will not let me.
0	So, could you help me?	you cant help me
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	I don't know
0	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I paid via master card, how can I receive refund?
0	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	I have not received payment confirmation email
0	delete credit card	Do not use a credit card
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	How do I respond to the seller message?
0	My membership level are not added	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	How to chance shipping courier	How much is shipping fee?
0	My app coins are not added. What can I do?	What can I do if my address is incorrect?
1	cannot place an order?	Why I cannot place order?
0	i am not receiving purchase protection order email	I am unable to purchase goods
0	I need to open a dispute	I cannot open dispute
0	Why does it take so long for my payment to be processed	How long does it take to receive my order
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	The seller refuses to ship my order after I paid for it. What can I do?
0	kinds of payment method	Do you have PayPal as payment method?
1	add new shipping address	Can I add my shipping address?
0	Hi. I have not received my products, and the status is finished now.	The products that I buy are suspect. But I did not received my money back.
0	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	Need to pay for my order, keep getting an error msg.
0	where do I find account settings	Where do i find my purchase history?
0	Why I cannot send message to seller?	How do I send a message to seller?
1	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	I received My order but size is wrong
0	i need store http joi li	hello I have a problem with a store
0	They still haven't arrived	I want refund because parcel is not arrived
0	i need you to open dispute	I need you correct email address
1	how to get an invoice	How do I get invoice?
0	i have a problem with seller	seller does not have shoes I ordered, seller does not answer
0	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	When I registered on your site?
0	dont want to received email from message center	How to check my message center
1	please give phone number customer service i have problem paying for 2 days know	what is your customer service phone number
0	can u answer?	can I call u?
0	cancel awaiting for payment	What is Awaiting payment?
1	I try now	Thank you I'll try.
0	i will contact my bank i dont know what is 3D secure code	How do I know this is secure?
0	order has been cancelled by credit card	Sorry, your payment was not successful. No money has been deducted. Reason: Your payment has exceeded the credit limit on this credit card.
0	Where do you live Eva?	How long will you live?
0	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	I want to know my order
0	the tracking number is not available, so i contacted the seller	I did not get tracking number
0	I cant open dispute because it's delivered	When can I open a dispute?
0	will you deliver to company	how many days to deliver the parcel?
1	My issue here is my order not receive and your customer service not reachable. Please help.	Why is my order not here yet
0	The can free the money earlier so I can make a new order faster	Can I pay extra for faster delivery?
0	not want automatic answer	my answer is not in
0	Unable to open an account	I open new account and they do not let me buy things here
1	I want to talk with a person	i want to talk to a real person
0	can anyone order from this site	Company has disappeared from your site.
0	are we corresponding	We had a good talk
0	how to paid order?	i order a dress and paid and want to know how long until they ship it
1	I have questions about details of a product	What are product details?
0	Why the money is not returning	Why is the money I was refunded less than the money you took from me?
0	I have an account and I can not reconnect and I want to place an order and have an invoice	I want to place order by phone
1	add video evidence	How to add video in my dispute?
1	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	i need to speak with a human
0	Why u are not saying anything	I cannot type anything
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please.	hi i need to tell u something about my order
0	but need to log in to check	log in takes too long
0	if an order has come back how many days i have to get the refund	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	but it's written "delivery failed"	The status is written suspicious Orders
0	hello, how can I invite friends	Can we be friends?
0	I was paying with the American card and I already put 2 times the information on the card and the payment was not processed as the message tells me there was an error	Is your currency American?
0	What to do	What do you wear today?
1	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find a shop
0	nooo I want to buy 100 and have no shipping seller is willing to adjust price but your system does not allowed	I want to know the price in Euro
0	david howell hi i need a phone number or a human i cant never log on please help	My phone number not accepted. Please help
0	i have received my goods but they are the wrong size how can i exchange them?	I have not received my goods and the sender has not responded to my message
0	How to add a card to my account	how to add to my favorite
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	I paid twice for the same item. what can I do?
0	I have been asking for help for 30 minutes. Please put your boss on?	I have put some items in the cart by mistake
0	I want to appeal your judgment.	i want your boss
0	change card details refund	How do I change refund option?
0	add email address	Can I add my shipping address?
1	How can I contact customer service	I need contact the customer service
1	how do i set shipping address?	How do I enter a shipping address?
1	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
0	sorry but you do not help me	do you have a customer service person that can help me via email?
0	I cannot upload a video	I cannot upload a jpeg picture.
1	how to return item	How do I return product?
1	where to find order number	How to find my order number?
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please	I cancelled an order and have not been refunded
1	Where to get a refund?	how to get my refund?
0	I am asking to combine orders for payment	Sellers are asking for payment before items are shipped
0	I DON'T GET MY ORDER	I don't know
0	I have ordered with an incorrect email address	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
0	exchange coins to coupons	pay with the coupons
0	I want to send you a photo for asking you if an item is available to any supplier of your site. Is it possible and how I can do that?	Can you find a supplier for me without any complaints record if I want to buy?
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	I am trying to place an order
0	i just want to log in but where is my password	I just want to say Hi.
0	how to check feedback?	How to check the reliability of the supplier?
0	how to add passport information	How to add video in my dispute?
0	I opened an order and the product ran out	How can I know the supplier has sent out the product?
1	its less than 20	Why I have not received my refund after more than 20 working days?
0	HE CAN SPEAK IN SPANISH?	How can I contact seller if he is no longer listed?
1	I am not satisfied with dispute result. What can I do?	I am dissatisfied with claim result.
0	I want to collect the order in the cart.	I cannot send it to cart
1	how to report a seller?	I want to report seller
0	MONEY NOT RETURNED	How can I find out how much money is being returned?
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	I have canceled my order. How long will cancellation take effect
1	How to verify your account	How to verify my email address?
1	talk with human	may i talk with human?
0	what is the meaning of Cancelled Orders Finished	I have orders cancelled for a suspicious seller
0	I am not satisfied with dispute result. What can I do?	Can I return a product if I am not satisfied?
1	seller has not ship out my order	The seller refuses to ship my order after I paid
0	need to have a developer account via API	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	i dont want to cancel	I want to cancel my order.
1	david howell hi i need a phone number or a human i cant never log on please help	how to have a phone number please
1	how to upload evidence on dispute	How do I provide evidence to support my claim?
1	i want to speak to a real person	I need a real person
0	and have not received the item yet	I confirmed that I received the product, and I made mistake. I did not received the product yet.
1	How do I delete orders?	How can i delete the completed orders or useless orders under my account?
0	good morning I didnt get confirmation about cancel my order, status order is finished but no get email confirmation	How do I cancel confirmation of an order?
0	How do I use a coupon or discount	How do I get a coupon for a discount of $25?
1	how to exchange coins to coupon?	How do I redeem my coins?
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	i want to chat with a real person
0	How to check select coupon	Why can't I use my select coupon?
1	Give my money back 149 uds	How can I get back my money?
0	I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I placed an order but did not give me any tracking number
0	help with my account	Help me get my product!
0	I bought the wrong product when the money is due	The product I bought is defective, what should I do?
1	How do I use select coupon	How do I use Select Coupon?
0	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	I can no longer access my account
0	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	How do I uncheck a order not received yet?
0	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	exceeded number of items	Are these knock off items?
1	Why is my order cancelled?	Why order has been cancelled?
1	add new shipping address	Can I add more shipping address?
0	how can i email	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	I did return the goods, but the seller's shop was blocked, and he does not answer what will happen to the goods? If the seller does not confirm receipt within 30 days	Can you speed up the shipment of goods, not within 30 days?
1	Seller change shipping method from China Post Registered Air Mail to China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus, without my permision so I can not international track package	I paid to deliver goods by Fedex but they have sent goods to China post
1	I placed an order and canceled but I was deducted. can you confirm if my money will be reversed to my account?	My order was closed, but money was deducted from my bank account.
0	Where can I find the search function photo search	Can I search for a product by ID number?
1	where is the dispute detail page	How do I find the dispute detail page?
0	If your order shows 'order cancel',	i have cancelled the order and it shows Awaiting Cancellation
0	How do I cancel account?	How do I cancel Fund Processing status?
0	wait... let me show u a snapshot...	The system will not let me pay
1	how do I extend buyer protection?	How to extend my buyer protection time?
0	it is nice to meet you	Nice talking with you.
1	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	When my money will be returned?
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	How can I open dispute if order complete?
0	How do I apply the Warranty Service?	how do i email to customer service
0	Where can you click?	Why nothing happens when you click the button?
0	How can I collect my order in cart?	How can I pay all my goods on shopping cart in one payment
1	would prefer to call	can I call u?
0	Hey. My account is locked. I am an honest buyer, did not open disputes for no reason. I ask you to unlock the account.	Why did I fail to log in to my account?
0	How change post code	How do I post selling offer?
1	I'd like to cancel my order.	I want to cancel my order.
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	I am waiting for the refund to be credited to my card, how long will it take?
0	I want to know more about the product	I want to know more about bank transfer.
0	How to get reward points	I do not have my points
0	I asked many times the seller but he/she is always saying it will be here in week or two	Why my card was charge two times?
1	how to retrieve deleted orders	How do I recover an order deleted by mistake?
0	I am a seller	i am confused as to who i am speaking with
0	It has been almost half a year!	Has payment for this order been received?
0	if i sell here, can i get the payment sent to my paypal account?	Can I use my PayPal account for payment?
0	I can not pay for my order and hope that my card has not been charged several times blindly	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
0	The robot will not help me	Please ， help me Urgently
0	Not yet shipped	i pay my order but not processed yet
1	i have paid for the order and money were taken from my card	I paid for my order already, but no message from my bank
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	What are you doing now?
1	need your urgent assistance	I need your help with my purchase
0	other orders arrived in time	my orders got a finished" message but they have not arrived yet."
0	I been on this line over one hour speaking in person is better is better for me as you can see this is hard	I have been over charged
0	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	I would like to change my review on one seller. How can I do that?
0	how do i confirm the order?	I accidentally pressed on Confirm Order Received
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	regard the order
0	How do i upload photo in dispute?	i cannot upload a photo
0	hello my mastercard isn't accepted although i have 3d secure...	What is Mastercard Secure Code?
0	Where do I submit my drivers license and credit card information to prove who i am?	I am having trouble paying with my credit card
1	How to edit profile?	How can I make changes to my profile?
0	where do I find the shopping cart	How do I pay all orders from Shopping Cart?
0	i want to know when i will get money back. I got an email stating that seller agrees to refund	I want to know about money back amount
0	I cannot upload video	I cannot upload the attachment
0	i am having problems sending my id	i am having problems creating my account
1	I need change may email because I don't localize my email and I need to buy	My email address is wrong and I need change it.
0	No, you do not see it.	Let me see whether you are clever enough!
0	Unable to sign for an account	Sorry, your account has been flagged for some reasons and you are unable to participate in this promotion.
0	How to pay using ideal payment	How do I pay for my order using western union?
1	how to set the shipping address	How do I set up shipping address?
0	please send me phone number because no one can help my problem	Please ， help me Urgently
0	how to get app coins?	How to use coupon from mobile app?
0	what a fuck is that what are you doing there	how are you doing
1	how do I cancel order	How do I cancel my order after made ??it?
0	My order is very late, and the vendor do not reply my messages	l am very disappointed with my order
0	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	please i have a question
0	What if I don't like the way the dress fits or it is the wrong size? Can I return it for a refund?	I selected the wrong size
0	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	The goods are not delivered because of the suspicious seller
1	talk with human	i want to talk to a human online
1	how to report your seller	How do I report a seller?
0	Why am I expected to pay return shipping costs if it has been determined that the seller sent me the wrong items?	A seller has sent me an order
0	ok i know that but the process is very long	How long does seller process the order?
0	i talk with saller and he say me for whait this 69 days for he resolved my question	What if the seller says he lost my order?
1	how to change your email address	How do I change email address?
1	upload video evidence.	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	Change phone number	payment services phone number
0	The tracking number doesn't update	How to get the tracking number?
0	how to delete account	How can I sign in to account?
0	Hello The reimbursement has been made but it still does not exist I buy but not accepted	This account does not exist, what should I do?
0	hello i have another issue	I have been given a tracking number for goods destined for another country.
0	so how to do it &gt;	Do you have a contact phone number so I can talk to a real person?
0	I am a seller	I am having trouble with one seller. What can I do?
0	password retrieval process	are you able to process visa
0	how to check refund	how to check dispute reason
1	I would be happy to talk to a person	can i talk to a real person?
0	you can reactivate a canceled order?	How can i get my money back from canceled order?
1	my query is regarding my order status	I want to know my order status.
0	COME TO MY BED	Buy a product and have not come to my country
1	would like to talk to a person	an i talk to a real person
0	I am saying you only take us dollars?	I am trying to pay with a Visa credit card but it keeps saying payment failed
0	delete wish list	How long can item stay in wish list?
0	upload picture on feedback	I cannot see the picture
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	I have paid order. The funds was sent
0	How to leave feedback on App?	Can I leave a private feedback?
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	I want my order to be delivered in China. Is it possible?
0	i cant log in. i created my purchase with the wrong email address.	I have created my free account
0	someone else know vietnamese?? I wanna oder	i have ordered stuffs and i wanna know when you gonna post them
0	i cannot delete the order	I cannot place an order.
0	Can you tell me if you are able to accept paypal for payments	can you tell me do my problem?
1	How do i report the seller	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	sir how to buy	How do I buy as wholesaler?
0	where is the appeal button?	Why there is no place order button?
0	my email is	Why my email show be registered?
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	How can I see message?
0	Hello, i made an order on 20th of April	hello I have a problem with a store
0	How to choose shipping method	choose wrong shipping method
0	how to re open a dispute	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	i have not recieved my money	I have this order closed by system. What happens with my money?
0	Can you delete my account and I will start again	How can i delete the completed orders or useless orders under my account?
0	Can you delete my account and I will start again	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	how to check refund	How to check my message center
1	Can I call Customer service	can i call customer services
0	im following up on a complaint	Im having problems with this order
0	I canceled my product but there was no refund	Why I paid for the product and the order was canceled?
0	my email is	I want to unsubscribe my email
0	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	If I cancel my order, can you tell me how long it will take for refund?
1	Yes, but she does not respond so quickly, you can not watch help me please please	Could you please help me?
0	dear i want not buy. its for place a order and the seller can change the price	I want to ask the price
1	how to use coupon	My coupon is valid, how to use?
0	my order no. is	the order is a gift for my daughter
1	Hi i want to change my password. How can i do that?	How can I reset my password?
0	how to open dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	i have paid for my product	I have paid order. The funds was sent
0	please can you tell me about shipment to Pakistan	can you tell me do my problem?
0	how to I search for a specific store name?	How do I search for it?
1	i want to know when i will get money back. I got an email stating that seller agrees to refund	I would like to know when I will get my refund.
0	I just wonder when I got my order	I got a question on order
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
1	I want a human!	can I talk with a human?
1	i will contact my bank i dont know what is 3D secure code	What is 3D security code?
0	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	My order was closed since both sides have cancelled the order.
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	I was deducted on payment, and the payment was not reflected on the order
0	how to check buyer protection	How does Buyer Protection protect payment?
0	The product in Shopping Cart disappear. What can I do?	How many products I can add in Shopping Cart?
0	how respond on escalated dispute?	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
1	I want a human!	I want to contact a human
1	Do you speak italian?	do you speak spanish?
1	how do I report a fraud seller	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
0	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	what is the minimum amount i can order?
0	By one of my ordered products I cannot see the tracking details	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
0	i need shipping company	Can seller change shipping company?
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Where can I find my dispute cases?
0	please someone who knows spanish l find it hard to write and translate and then translate what he writes to me	is there someone else there who you can ask?
0	how to stop seller messages	I cannot send any messages to any seller.
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please.	need assistance with
0	how to block messages	How do I delete messages?
0	I can not pay for my order and hope that my card has not been charged several times blindly	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
0	I just wrote my query	I just broke up with my boy friend.
1	order closed payment not processed	My order was closed since the payment is not made in time.
0	nice to meet you too	Nice talking with you.
0	i mistakenly cancelled my order after made the payment. But i want my order to be done. What can i do?	The order status has not changed after I made the payment, what happens?
0	i want to be seller	I want to report a feedback given by seller
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	After cancellation, I do not get the money back
0	How are you today?	if i order today how much time will it take to reach my country
0	Waiting for my appeal to be verified.	I am still waiting for my refund
0	how to respond on dispute	how to check dispute reason
0	Where to see coupon page	not get Store Coupon after click on store page
0	i am not satisfied with the dispute	I am not satisfied with the product received. What can I do?
0	I placed an order as a guest but do not have confirmation	I have placed order but they said transaction closed.
0	So where can I FOUND COUPONS I EXCHANGED? WHERE ARE THEY?	Where can I see reply from supplier?
0	and received the refund amount and dispute closed	Why dispute is closed?
0	because we travail from KSA to Egypt in this date please	can we go for a date?
0	still haven't received my refund	I still have not gotten the track number
0	Is cash on delivery option is available?	Is there an option for a quick delivery?
0	I have no pay without paypal	do I have to pay VAT?
0	Hello. I am trying to use a discount code and it is not allowing me to input the code	I am trying to pay with a visa card and it is not allowing me to pay
0	hi i need to cancel my order please and need my money refunded as soon as possible	When my money will be refunded?
1	Not yet shipped	not received order yet
1	connect live chat again	I would like live chat
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	The seller told me to cancel the order to return the money. What can I do?
0	What you are doing for me is not helping. Please put your boss on.	how are you doing!
0	I do not have the order number only the ticket	How do I pay with Boleto?
0	you can reactivate a canceled order?	When the order will be canceled?
0	Bank Konto BLZ	Who paid for the bank commission?
0	I want to buy a product with free delivery	I want to buy in bulk
0	i do it but not working	The verification code is not working, what can I do?
1	What happens if I don't get my refund	What should I do to get my refund?
0	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	Can I do a dispute twice?
0	problem with the bad seller	I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them.
0	What number is the beginning of my purchase I made on the date of 21 05 2017	Is there a number I can call to make my purchase
0	Cancelled Orders is showing order list means	How can i clear completed orders from My order list
0	hello i cain t order	hello I have a problem with a store
0	Hi, I had ordered a cosplay costume with the wrong currency; I canceled the order and the seller told me it was cleared right away, but now there is not enough credit on the card; Could I kindly receive the amount back as quickly as possible? I have to reo	i have a problem with my order. could you help me?
0	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	Why the order is not showing on my account?
0	i my order have been sent on may 3rd and it's still in transit. WHY?	How do I know that my order has been sent?
0	When do help is coming	When do I have the refund?
0	i received an item today that I have been issued a refund. how can I pay now?	how i can refund my money if my order have been frozen
1	i cannot pay using bank transfer	I want to pay the bill via a bank transfer
0	Hello, i made an order on 20th of April	I made a wrong order
0	My tracking is not working.	My TradeManager is not working
0	how i become a seller	How can I contact seller?
0	Can I access my mobile orders on my PC so I can print out my orders?	Can I combine my orders?
0	reply me soon	I need to receive merchandise soon.
1	I have problem tracking one of my order it over 15days now	i have a problem with tracking my order
0	For example this store, How to find the item ship from USA	How can I find a store?
1	i will ask another help	I just ask a question
0	Can you see where it is	Where I can see my coupons?
1	have sent an email with my passport and credit card photos	I has sent all documents for credit card verification. What will happen?
0	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	I can only speak Japanese. However, you can respond at the translation site.	What languages can you speak?
0	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	Why I cannot deliver my goods to China?
0	hello, I have a quesion. I ordered product to New Zealand with alie express shipping est. delivery 13-20 days. One time I ordered e packet to new zealand est. delivery 20-40 days. However the e packet arrived within 12 days. Is e packet usually faster to n	I have not received my refund afte more than 20 working days
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	I confirmed order by mistake. What can I do?
1	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	I cannot pay your order by credit card
0	How to ship back the item	The item is back to China
1	My Order List	I paid for items and they are not in the order list.
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	I have not received the refund, what can I do?
0	I'd like to know about extra fee. What is it? How can I use?	How can I know more about the product?
0	really need a human to talk to	Your not really giving me the information that I need
0	Do we need to integrate a SDK for that?	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	I deal for refund and return the product. The menu is too expensive that I send goods to China. Who bears the cost of transport of goods?	I want to return the goods
0	hello, can I pay when delivered?	When can I pay my order by Visa debit card
0	I just wanted to know, is it possible to hold funds from being credited back to my account? An order of mine was recently cancelled and I would like to use those same funds and a topup to purchase something else.	I have paid order. The funds was sent
0	to ask someone for my order	Someone used my credit card without authorization
0	cancel awaiting for payment	My order is still awaiting payment
0	can you check my dispute?	Can you check my email address?
0	how to change delivery address	How can I check if you have my right address for delivery?
0	I need an assistance with my order	I need rename my order
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	please tell me what happened to my items
0	Will be able to assist me?	are you able to process visa
0	They send me that	send me a customer service email contact
1	I guess you're a robot	I know that you are a robot.
0	ok I will explain briefly	ok bye eva
0	i want to cancel my credit card	I want to know why my credit card is charged before orders received
1	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	I want to cancel this order and get my money back
0	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	How to extend my buyer protection time?
1	to find my order number etc.	How to get my order number?
1	how to edit contact	How do I edit my profile?
0	I received a refund but not total why?	Where is Jack Ma?
1	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to change my order
0	Forgive me, but how to take a screenshot?	how long will it take to get here?
0	that didn't work	how to you get to work
1	how to contact customer service.	How can I contact customer support?
0	how i can verified my account	how I can deactivate my account
0	I dont see my question and Im just trying to make a order but your website is not responding	i do not know your website
0	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	I did the payment in currency in bank, how do I receive that return?
0	it's been 32 days i dont see any update on my order	I paid but can not see any confirmation of my payment
1	can i speak to a human please	can i speak to a person?
0	Good day to replace other payment card number	My payment is good but my order was cancelled.
1	How can i get the nacional tracking code for my product?	I can not find the product tracking code
0	canceled no shipment	What is Awaiting Shipment?
0	I'm from Pakistan and want to re sell your products	I want a price on some products.
0	how to submit a feedback	How do I delete a feedback?
0	this is getting no where	When I placed my order the card kept getting rejected
1	how do i upload a photo?	I cannot upload attachment.
0	my order was processed without me confirming payment details	Why is my payment being verified while the payment has already been processed?
1	I feel like I talk with a robot and I don't like this.	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	Why did my payment go through after canceling my order?	My payment does not go through what do I do?
0	my order is cancelled	how to know whether my order is cancelled or not?
0	I cancel order and status refund ist not change	How can I change other reason for cancel the order?
0	How is it possible for me to charge something I did not buy	I cannot buy any product they block me
0	I have not received the products	I want to know if I am in Spain, how long I wait?
1	my cart is empty	Why my shopping cart got erased?
0	hello, can I pay when delivered?	hello I have a problem with a store
1	how to report the seller.?	How do I report a seller?
0	Not satisfied with dispute	There is no refund on dispute
0	my Shipment cancelled	My order is not verified and now it is cancelled.
0	i need to open dispute	When can I open a dispute?
0	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	Someone use my email address
0	I have registered with an incorrect email address	I have entered incorrect delivery address
0	seller is not responding	The seller was not honest
0	i have a problem with the seller	I have a problem.
0	How to contact the seller	How do I send a picture to seller?
0	please i have a problem	I have a problem with coupon
0	now i forget my password	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
0	i got new debit card how do i up date my card	how do i pay with my visa debit card
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	i never confirm my order as received but my transaction is completed
0	Did you receive my order back yet?	Did you receive my question?
0	how to save payment method	use other payment method
0	The deadline to open a dispute has already ended, how do I?	How do I open a dispute?
0	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us us dollars or our currency?	what number can i call for customer service here in the US?
0	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	Why my order shows dispute closed?
0	How do I use Select Coupon?	How do I use seller coupon?
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons?	Did my last transaction go through?
0	I guess you're a robot	Why I am connected to a Robot?
0	also I can't open other pages with such goods	Can I get other paying options other than the credit card?
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	Why I paid for same product twice?
0	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	i pay my order but not processed yet
0	how do i appeal my payment?	I wonder how do I send proof of payment of my purchases
0	how to use reward points	How to use register coupon?
1	I haven't received my order or any conformation of it even being shipped	How can I know if my order was shipped?
0	I have problem viewing the site	I have a problem with coupon
0	save credit card	Credit card type
0	for redemption says i'm out with the days	I cannot log in and it says my account was deactivated
0	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	I want to open dispute for my order
1	hi eva remember me	hi miss Eva
0	My account iz broken	how to cancel my account
0	how to check coupon?	how to check dispute reason
0	Impossible to create account	It is impossible to order the product
0	i need to speed up three of my orders, one of them is already has been shipped and the other two are pending, is there any way you can help me?	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	I can't create and sign in account. won't let me after I enter the code	why I cannot create an account for me
0	cannot leave feedback	When can I leave feedback?
0	I want to group suppliers by country	Suppliers was suspended while I paid
0	no that is not what im asking	What is the time there?
0	I want to speak with the worker	I want to know is anybody who can speak in
0	I spoke with you yesterday	I want you.
1	how to set new shipping address	How do I set up shipping address?
0	shipping courier to Germany?	my courier change the shipping address
0	I cannot make an account and I want to track a package	I want to return the package
1	how can help me	can you help me with
0	still haven't received my refund	my order is still waiting to be shipped
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	can i use a credit card
1	do yall have a number i could reach yall on	do you have a phone number to reach
1	I want to use another payment method	another payment method
0	but i use ATM	Can I use the coupon?
0	how to file complaint	How about my complaint?
0	It is not about the tracking order	Purchase Protection of Order. what is it about?
0	The product came but I can not transfer the money to the seller	When would I give money for product?
0	how to remove feedback	How to report feedback abuse?
0	do you ship to iran?	Do you ship to China?
0	How to response the proposal in my dispute case	what is my case number?
1	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	In how many days can I expect my delivery
1	why my order canceled shipment	Why you canceled my order?
0	i have done done all tracking	I have done this it did not help
0	how do i reset password?	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
0	number will received	Why I received error The bank account number is invalid?
0	I have a projector that I bought and came with a defect I tried to open a dispute and the website suggested that I negotiate with the store, I tried to negotiate, the store promised to send another projector, I did my part I resent and I did not receive th	I did not receive the invoice
1	how to find order number	How to find my order number?
0	Its the 5 time I contact my order is not coming	Could i have contact no.
0	i need buy my order but don't pay to the shop adjust the price, then i pay	I want to pay for my order.
0	How do I register a business account	How can I register account?
1	If I order a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	Do I have to pay taxes to us customs
0	I need help with my appeal	i need help with tracking my shipment
1	Duplicate payments to solve	Why I was charged of two payments?
1	I can't find the iDeal icon in my payment options	Can I pay with iDeal?
0	hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a random page?	I love you.
1	I cannot see order in my car	Why I cannot see my last orders?
0	which country do you live?	Which city do you ship from?
0	I have already open a dispute but they refuse it	can I open dispute if the payment has already been released
1	my Shipment cancelled	Why my order is cancelled?
1	is there any extra charges for refund	charges extra to buyer
0	what will happen when I open a dispute	What will happen if the seller does not respond to my dispute?
0	package description should not be mentioned	Customs kept the package
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	I sent all materials to verify my credit card. What will happen?
1	Ok, I ordered a t-shirt and it's verified and paid for. But the seller has canceled the order, I do not respond to the mail and I'm worried.	I paid for an order but then it was cancelled. Seller has not refunded money.
0	exchange coins to coupons	I do not have my coins
0	delete wish list	share my wish list
1	i want to know when i will get money back. I got an email stating that seller agrees to refund	I already paid and I want to know when will I get my payments back?
1	i need call with you	Can I call you?
1	ok i know that but the process is very long	shipment takes very long
1	how to edit contact	How can I edit my profile?
0	It's being only today I have received it	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
1	Where I can find an information for a refused dispute	Where do I find information on dispute?
0	i order a coat for the past winter and from jan. the buyer doesnt understand that its too small on me and doesnt want to give me a refund with a lot of stupid causes help me please	Please give me a list of good suppliers
0	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	how long does it take to deliver
0	add new shipping address	The shipping address is not available
0	hello, i have problems with an order	I have problems paying with visa debit card
1	how to upload picture to dispute	How can I upload the file?
0	how to subscribed	How to check saved stores?
1	Hello, I've a problem with my Order. Can you help, please	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	visa credit card. It was expired and now renewed	How to pay with credit card?
0	Hi I like to know if a seller needs me to send back, how does she refund me the delivery fees plus cost of the dress as I am using Singapore registered mail?	I am trying to order a dress but it is not giving me a size to choose.
1	are you an actual person?	are you a live person
1	i have not recieved my money	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
0	i just want my fucking password	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
0	I had not receive my merchandise	Do I pay before or after I receive my merchandise?
0	What is buyers protection	May I send mail to other buyers?
0	Can I ever report abuse of card usage?	How to report abuse
1	how to file a complaint	How to file a claim?
1	I have my credit card with you for instant pay,	Can I pay my order with my Brazilian credit card?
1	thanks for your help	Thanks for your feedback
0	add email address	I want to add my address in my account
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	can i get a real person to answer question?
0	I want to verify if my order was processed	How can i verify my address?
1	The goods I purchased do not work. I have contacted the seller direct but am getting only emojis as replies. Cannot open a dispute.	I click open dispute button but it does not work
0	how to apply warranty	How do I apply for Freebies?
1	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	How do I cancel a dispute?
1	how to contact customer service.	how do i contact customer service
0	but my seller not reply	Are you the auto reply?
0	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	Can I change size of my ordered item?
1	Hi, I am in Hong Kong. do you have staff or shop or office in HK?	Do you have office in
0	should I change the reason for the cancellation of the order from "seller wanted to increase price" to "other"?	i wanted to know the order status
1	how to add video	How to add video in my dispute?
0	I wanted to buy something and in the payment options, only creditcard is available	What other payment options can I use?
1	are you an actual person?	are you a human person or a machine?
1	i need to raise dispute	I need send dispute to seller. What can I do?
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	Not enough searching results
0	dispute is finished but the tea bags still haven't arrived	I am trying to request a refund from seller but states dispute is finished
1	Return address needed	I have no return address
1	add video evidence	How to add video?
1	how to remove feedback	I want to remove my feedback
1	do you speak spanish?	do you speak french?
0	this is my order ID	What is my TradeManager ID?
1	how to retrieve password	How can I reset my password?
0	I have a question about a CNC machine	I have contact my supplier about a product, but he has not answer my question.
0	Why do i have to resubmit the documents i already submitted to you? WHY? WHY? WHY?	Why do not you have customer care number
0	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	hi i need to tell u something about my order
1	seller made no response	Why is there no response?
0	But money send	how to send a picture
1	We are receiving an error saying that the "Bank has declined our payment"	Why my payment was declined by bank?
0	where do I find the shopping cart	How do I cancel products in my Shopping Cart?
0	having trouble logging in	I am having a trouble paying for an item
0	I don't want to lie about my reason, the item is damaged.	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	It does not accept my payment in Western Union. The reason is the account number is not correct
0	how to re open a dispute	How do I open a dispute?
1	replace card information	I saved my credit card but I need to replace it with a new one
0	you hopeless piece of shit	What does it mean that a product is sold by piece?
0	I do not have the order number only the ticket	Why do items take so long to ship to my country?
1	how to find an order number	How to find my order number?
1	The The customs authorities are keeping my orders and they are asking for an invoice. So, what I have to do to have it easly and urgent	My goods have been detained by the Customs, what can I do?
0	no that is not what im asking	Sellers are asking for payment before items are shipped
0	and there have not called me	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
0	how to check membership level?	how to check dispute reason
0	Where to find a postal identifier	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
1	who pay tax	should i pay tax if i order from china
0	nice meet you too	You are a nice girl.
0	should i take the package by myself?	How can I protect myself from spoof email?
0	changing the size of item	tell the size
0	how to upload photo	i do not know how to upload pictures
1	Something has gone wrong with the shipping of my package	The supplier has shipped my order to a wrong address
0	I have been using American express until it was expired.	I have been scammed
1	do you ship to iran?	do you ship in my country?
0	I want to cancel the extra shipping charge for the item I bought.	I need an invoice for this item i bought from you
0	What number is the beginning of my purchase I made on the date of 21 05 2017	I made a purchase
0	no i can't follow my order	Can you follow me?
0	My products from the above order did not arrive, how do I?	When will my order arrive
0	via bank card	i want to pay with my bank card
1	How to verify your account	How can i verify my address?
0	I have already via this page and it was no problem.	I have a problem with coupon
0	i can't buy my order	I don't know
1	i cannot log into my account!!	I cannot log in to my account
0	how can I adjust the product at the time of delivery??	I can not open dispute, because I confirm delivery of the product.
0	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	Having problem in putting my shipping address
0	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	What if the seller does not ship my order before the processing time?
1	i need store http joi li	How can i search a store?
0	Problem not solved.	How long does it take for a dispute to be solved?
0	I do not know the problem	How do I know the dispute is submitted successfully?
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	I delete an order by mistake, what can I do?
0	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	What is Awaiting payment?
0	Hi Eva! need to delete my old credit card and register a new credit card	My credit card is overcharged
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	stop sending me emails
0	how to have my answer	Where is Jack Ma?
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	The tracking code is incorrect so I cannot know where my order is.
0	How to ship back the item	How to get a coupon back?
0	It's being only today I have received it	Why is my order being verified after I have already paid?
0	I want more wide walking shoes, width to be E, EE, EEE, EEEE	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
1	i want to speak to a real person	i want to speak to a live person
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	My credit card is overcharged
0	Registration email is not working	My product received is not working
0	May 8 send a phone to return to the address indicated and still do not know anything and nobody contacts me.	Is there anything that you want to tell me?
0	i have paid for my product	What are guarantees that I will receive the product I paid for?
0	How do I get coupons or discounts	How to get seller coupons?
0	i cant find the ideal icon?	In my question cant get an answer.
0	upload picture on feedback	I cannot upload a jpeg picture.
0	Hello, I wish to know the status of my dispute	I want to know my order status.
1	cannot leave feedback	I cannot leave feedback on an transaction.
0	but i want answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I want to know what items I bought last time
1	how to confirm order	How to confirm delivery?
0	What happen if I close a dispute	dispute escalated but i received the goods. how to close it
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	I want to buy a lot of products
0	Bank Konto BLZ	I want bank transfer
1	I made the payment first.	I have made the full payment
0	Remove card information	remove promotional emails
0	I can not upload videos or photos to the dispute	How do I get photos without the store numbers on them?
0	Con tact seller	Who is the seller?
0	were can i find the barcode	How can I find a product ID number?
0	How do I know my product from the delivery date?	How do I do that?
0	Who is the seller	Who will pay for return shipping?
1	i need to connect representative online	I need to speak to a representative on the phone
1	sir how to buy	How do I buy wedding dress?
1	I need a real person for help	i want to chat with a real person
0	Track your refund progress	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
0	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	I'm tired to play with your stupidity but answer my question!
0	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	Where can I see the dispute result?
1	can u help me with it instead	can u please help me?
1	how to apply feedback	How do I leave feedback?
1	How can i pay for my purchase?	How can I pay for my items?
0	I did not receive my order but tracking says it delivered	I did not receive confirmation after my order
0	returning a defective item	Seller gave me a defective item
0	I spoke with you yesterday	I am sick of you.
1	ship to syria	Do you ship to Brazil?
0	What are talking about?	What does this web site about?
0	it showed failed to log page	I am failed to open a dispute
0	My refund is not at the correct price. What should I do?	What should I do to get my refund?
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	I put the wrong email address.
0	I can not make a dispute	Can I make the payment in the local currency?
0	coins has not added	What can I do with the coins?
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	Can I make change to my order after clicked place order?
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	How do I change the assessment of the seller?
1	i did not forget pass code	What can I do if I forget my password?
0	how to delete card	How do I delete coupon?
0	are you sure that you cain t help me??	Can you help me?
1	How do I cancel my account	How do I cancel my membership
1	This is the order number.	this i my order number
0	why cant i pay?	you cant help me
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	so what i have to do
0	how can I cancel the order	How can I print my order
1	how can help me	can u help me?
0	how to manage feedback	I do not know how to manage my transactions.
0	Ok thank you the last question are you Spanish women	Thank you for your help.
0	I have not received my order and the seller is just telling me that he has sent it and he does not whant to refund me	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
1	don't you understand me??	you do not understand
0	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	can orders be delivered to my country?
0	I can not pay for my order and hope that my card has not been charged several times blindly	my order has not been shipped
0	Top ten items which sold in 2017 at top	What does sold by piece mean?
0	i am in mexico, do i need an permission to receive my orden?	If my supplier changes the shipment method without my permission, what can I do?
0	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	When will I get my refund for the cancelled order
0	Where I can find an information for a refused dispute	Where can I see the dispute result?
0	Where do you live Eva?	why are you named eva?
1	How do I exchange coins for coupon	How do I redeem my coins?
0	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	I have filed a claim many weeks ago.
0	Can you look into my issue?	Can you delete my account
0	But i have paid it	Could i have contact no.
1	its take too long time	What if the Shipping takes too long?
1	i cannot upload	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
0	that didn't work	i didn't ask you that
0	I even reported the seller, but still no effect	the company did not give me a refund even though I sent the product back.
1	estimated delivery time.	I want to know the delivery time of each shipping method
0	seller not response my refund status	seller reject my refund request.
0	I have informed you 3 times	I have placed same order four times
0	click here ,where?	Will you be here everyday?
0	stop cancellation of orders that i have NOT ordered	I have ordered products but i did not received my order
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	Why does my order keep getting closed after payment?
0	but how much time	It takes too much time for dispute.
0	How do i add evidence	How do I add items to the Shopping Cart?
0	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	The items are not received but seller does not answer anymore.
0	how to reply to dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	my order is still processing	My order was automatically canceled during processing time
0	but it's written "delivery failed"	I want to read feedback written about my order
1	I think I just ordered twice? same thing by mistake	What can I do if I commanded twice for the same product?
1	How do I get a coupon back	How to get a coupon back?
1	how to change payment method	How can I change my payment information?
0	add videos on dispute	I cannot add it in the cart
0	Hello, I cancelled my order. How long does it take to get my money back?	how long will it take to get to my country if I order today
0	i just want my fucking password	I just broke up with my boy friend.
1	Return address needed	How do I get the return address?
0	how to submit a feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	It never get frozen it goes to pay and it is paid instantly	How can I pay for frozen order?
0	I want the item, the vendor do not reply my messages	How do I reply to feedback?
1	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	I cannot place an order.
0	can you please tell me when my orders will be delivered	Can you tell me when will I get the money?
0	how I can contact with the factory person?	How can I contact you via email?
0	how to check buyer protection	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	how to recover old account	How old is Jack Ma?
0	cancel order	Can I cancel preorder?
0	HI,I MAKE A ORDER AND I CAN'T TO PAY ,ALWAYS I HAVE THE SAME MASSAGE	How do I pay all at same time?
1	Hi, I need help	i need help with a transaction
0	difference of small packet an registered airmail	i received my product, but it is too small, can i change it?
0	why feedback not display	why cannot revise feedback
0	talk to someone	I need someone to talk to me in Portuguese
0	How to put credit card in account	How do I receive refunds if my credit card is changed?
0	i cannot upload	I need a function to upload photos
0	returning a defective item	The product I bought is defective, what should I do?
1	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	my order was shipped to wrong country
0	i wrote u upper!	can I call u?
0	do you need order numbers?	Please enter numbers only
1	order has been cancelled by credit card	Why order has been cancelled?
0	issued a refund, item has arrived	I get an email that a new mail has arrived
0	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	According tracking information, my order delivered in USA but I am in Philippines.
0	what time is it?	What is processing time?
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	I have received partial order
1	Iam seeing no where to contact customer service	customer service phone number
0	how to stop seller messages	the seller does not answer my messages.
1	are you a real agent?	are you a real person or a robot?
0	How do I get coupon	How do I use the coupon I got?
0	how a make new store	how to delete a store from favorite store?
0	how to use select coupons	How do I select currency?
0	I have no visa card and debit card	I am unable to pay by Visa debit card
0	I need tracking info	Thanks for the info.
0	I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me an error when sending	Why there is error Message not in English?
0	why cant i pay?	i cant call you
1	I don't have a real payment problem.	I have a problem with payment
1	how to contact your seller	Is there any method to contact the seller?
0	How do I tell the clerk?	can you tell me do my problem?
0	Is there any way to tell when my order will actually be delivered?	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	Hello! Good night. I need your help for.. I can not issue a ticket to pay an account	hello good night
0	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	How can I know if my order is coming?
0	I just read that you rejected my appeal!	please read my question
0	how do I cancel order	How do I cancel order if product is already shipped?
0	I cannot upload a video	Why I cannot upload photo?
0	I have informed you 3 times	if I place many orders. How many times do I have to pay for shipping?
0	Can you guys ship out the items with 1 day shipping?	Why can I contact you guys in by phone or email
0	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	I have not received my refund and has been more than 15 business days
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	an i talk to a real person
0	I did not change my address. After collecting my additional money, I was told that the seller does not ship to my region.	Will I automatically get a refund if the seller does not ship my order?
1	problem with the bad seller	I have a problem with a bad seller
1	I can`t see my order	Why I cannot see my order?
0	I have problem with you guys	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call?
0	i bought five cell phones and ipad	I paid and the request is not yet listed as paid.
0	so i waited for 2weeks	I am from Brazil so I pay REAL or only in Dollar?
0	I forgot my password and email	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	where is the appeal button?	Where is that at?
0	How do I register a business account	How do I change register email address?
0	how to cancel your account	How can I wire my money to your account?
0	Hi Eva, i purchased baby girl clothes in February and still haven't received it	I need a girl friend.
1	I want refund	I want to request refund
0	i did all of it	I did not get the refund
0	we talk about my order bearing	We had a good talk
1	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	Why I paid for same product twice?
0	how do I apply for a refund	How do I apply a coupon code?
0	I can not make an appeal	How can I make changes to my profile?
0	you hopeless piece of shit	my english is hopeless
0	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	i want my item
1	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	I paid for an order but then it was cancelled. Seller has not refunded money.
0	how to cancel an account?	how to cancel an acceptance of dispute
0	how to find order number	How do I find out if my order went through?
1	i want to return	I want to return the package
0	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	Why payment has been taken twice from my credit card?
1	I want a real person &amp; NOT a robot.	i want to chat with a real person
0	Hi i need top ten items sold in 2017	How can I delete TradeManager from my desktop?
0	this is my pleasure	my Order NO
0	urge seller to ship the ite,	will you ship to my country?
0	Hi One of my purchases on the Tracking information has had the "Shipment Cancelled" what does this mean and will I still get my parcel	Order has been frozen what does that mean?
0	What is my payment status?	The order status has not changed after I made the payment, what happens?
0	Can I still leave a feedback because the seller is very nice.	I can not leave a message to the seller
1	How do i upload photo in dispute?	I am not able to attach a photo for a dispute
0	I can't write English	should i write my address in english
0	i know this	I do not know English.
1	are u still here??	are you still there?
0	how can I report a fraud seller	I received an email with notice that seller is suspected of fraud issue.
0	how to exchange coins to coupon?	How to use coupon?
0	I have a question about the plugins to display products on my website	I have a question on refund.
0	ok the get lost	ok no problem
0	can you dance for me?	how can you understand me
0	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	How can I find my order number?
1	how to upload photo	Why I cannot upload photo?
1	Where can I find feedback left about me?	How can I read the feedback written about me?
0	Why rewards points are going down?	Will be power-down?
0	At what time should I contact you to receive help?	When should I receive my money back?
0	i am not satisfied with the dispute	I am failed to open a dispute
1	dispute time is over	the time to open dispute had ran out
0	hi, i got an email that my order has been cancelled, but i already paid for it	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
1	Hello, can you help me?	you can not help me
0	I pressed. Click the Confirm Order Receipt button. Before the Order is sent.	I would like to know about the Confirm Order Received button
0	talked to you yesterday about my account	Can you generate a new password for my account?
1	Are you able to help me?	can you help me with
1	i need to speak with maria	i need to speak to representative
0	I need to advise, the salesperson wrote to me to open a dispute, only after I was able to open the dispute.	Do I need to return the package if I open a dispute?
0	I have already via this page and it was no problem.	I have a problem with payment
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	I do not want the product anymore.
0	I have no pay without paypal	How do I pay securely without Buyer Protection?
0	how to see buyer protection	How do I become eligible for buyer protection?
1	I canceled my product but there was no refund	When will refund my money from a canceled order?
0	How do I use Select Coupon?	How do I use the coupon I got?
1	Can I talk to someone without being a machine?	Can I talk with you?
1	do you speak portuguese?	do you speak
0	l paid an extra for the delivery because i need it in the short term	I need an invoice for the order I paid for
1	how to find the seller's store	How do I find a seller?
0	I just read that you rejected my appeal!	When I placed my order the card kept getting rejected
0	urge seller to ship the ite,	What if the seller does not ship my order before the processing time?
0	how to block messages	How do I delete unwanted messages?
0	hi,I have a question. how I can send my item to china?	How can I reset my security question?
0	I can not edit my billing address to the netherlands	How can I edit my shipment address?
0	how to respond to escalated dispute	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
1	The online service button is not activated	can i chat with an agent online
0	you charged my credit card a month ago so where is my order	I want to know why my credit card is charged before orders received
1	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	How do I change size of the shoes I ordered?
0	HOW TO REMOVE MY CARD	how to remove my order?
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	How do I delete my information
0	Can not pay in cash?	Can I purchase by cash in delivery?
1	i can not sign in	I am unable to sign in
0	how do I confirm goods?	How do I collect my goods?
0	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	I want to make the payment by western union what should I do?
0	i cant find the ideal icon?	I want to find a store
0	how to add photo	How to add video in my dispute?
1	i need to find my payment information	How do I find out if my payment went through?
0	I would like to make a payment via bank slip which procedure I am not finding the desired option	I cannot make the payment via credit card
1	Is anybody there? Am I talking to a computer?	can i speak to a real person not computer to help me
0	package description should not be mentioned	My package was returned to the recipient
0	May 8 send a phone to return to the address indicated and still do not know anything and nobody contacts me.	so nobody help me
0	How do i add evidence	How do I add it to store list?
0	Hi i want to ask where my sneakers are, thank you	I want to ask the price
0	I have gone through what you have suggested and it has not helped. I need to have my account either deleted or my password for the email and user name reset. Please put your boss on.	When I click sign in, I do not have field to put my email and password.
1	and i have a problem with my order	i have a problem with an order
0	i want coupon	I do not want to have refund. Could you give me coupon instead?
0	I want to buy the cards in my shopping cart. How can I get you to print my instructions on them please?	Can I get my bank slip again as I did not print it?
0	l placed an order from spain to spain	hello from spain
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	I have ordered an item
0	We are unable to create an account	Do I need create a Buyer Protection account?
0	no order found	I found the incorrect refund on my order
0	From this store, How to find the product ship from USA	this is from
0	my order will be return?	We reached an agreement, please return my money
0	how to link my card?	i received my verification email but it did not have the link in it
0	i have a problem with payments on my account	I have a problem to change my address
0	I wanna buy something product but very difficult, how to pay money	i wanna pay but I do not know how
0	I can not make an appeal	How can I make a payment for the frozen product?
0	When do help is coming	When do I get a refund?
0	how to open a dispute?	how to withdraw escalated dispute?
0	I pay for buying with master card but i faced with below error	Why I received error Invalid card number?
1	How to change language	How do I change the language?
0	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	remove my name in the transaction
1	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	Please connect me to customer service
0	i need help with	I need help in Russian
0	##I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them	I have a problem with seller
0	when will my order be placed	I placed my order and the seller asked to cancel.
0	How do I add and manage products in Shopping Cart?	The shopping cart is not showing the products
0	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	I need rename my order
1	can help me	you can not help me
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
0	how to pay china daily order	How do I pay the order by Bank Transfer?
0	order detail page	The page of payment of the order is not loaded
1	How to deactivate my account in app?	how to cancel my account
0	read my question before answer pls	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
1	I dont want a stupid robot, I need an answer	I want to talk to a person but not a robot
0	hello my mastercard isn't accepted although i have 3d secure...	I have Neteller Mastercard
0	i ordered the item in april	Can this item be ordered in a custom size?
1	so please you can help me	Can you help me?
0	I want to select and keep the products in the Cart Box.	How many products I can add in Shopping Cart?
1	hello, i have problems with an order	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	I don't want to lie about my reason, the item is damaged.	I don't know
0	It's being only today I have received it	I have business credit card which is not being accepted
0	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	I have opened case more than 3 months ago. Why if in has not resolved yet?
0	and i can;t check the tracking	Where can I check if the seller is a Gold Supplier
0	How can I log onto your site. You are not helping. Please get somebody to help me log onto your site. I am saying the same thing over and over again.	on your site I have not found this product, can you help me find him?
0	i need shipping company	seller does not respect shipping company
1	can't leave feedback	I cannot leave feedback on an transaction.
1	its about login area	I cannot login to the account
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	I made ??a refund but received the order. How do I return money to the seller?
1	search for product	I want to search the product
0	how to add additional feedback	How to add video in my dispute?
0	Payment failed Reason: The service is currently unavailable. Suggestion: You may choose another card or payment method to continue your payment.	Why the payment by Visa MasterCard failed?
0	I am trying to submit a return and the submit button is not working!	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	The seller told me to cancel the order to return the money. What can I do?
0	the order is close	I want to close my account
0	after received item I found out it is not working	How do I sign out after use my account?
0	i have placed my order and get clearance for my payment method and received one order from one seller and the rest of my order just can't get processed	I just got an email saying my order was closed from no payment. but I paid
0	how do I checked order number	I want to track my order, how do I know the tracking number?
0	I hope you understand what I said	you do not understand
1	I am asking you question	I have a question can you help?
0	change my credit card number	How do I change my phone number?
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore?	I do not have access to my account
1	these links are not working I need a service team	how do i contact service team
0	my account does not allow me to place orders until I validate my account VIA appeal form	Why there is no My Appeal?
0	I do not want partial refund, I want full refund	How do I ask for partial refund?
0	Nice to know you.	you are so nice
1	Can somebody help me	can your company help me
0	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	How does PayPal work on your site?
0	So how can I do that	How can I place multiple orders from same seller so that shipping will be together?
0	place an order?	I cannot place an order.
0	difference of small packet an registered airmail	What is difference between Blue Form and Green Form?
0	what is coins	Apply for compensation (COINS)
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	Can you generate a new password for my account?
0	NET PAYMENT CAN I MAKE	I do not own a credit card. How can i make the payment??
1	Can you people help me	can you help me with something
0	where can I find "EDIT member profile"?	Where can I find previous orders?
0	Yes, it's on the way but it takes 3 weeks	shipment takes very long
1	how do I get discount from the seller	How can i get the discount
0	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	What if I have not received the order and click on confirmation?
0	change password in app	I could not able to change my Password.
0	Bank Konto BLZ	there is no bank transfer in payment option
0	Why did it say that I had my ordered parcel already in my post office, but it says that it's undeliverable, what is that supposed to mean? Will I get my parcel?	Do I have to take my purchase on the post office?
1	change order details	Is it possible to change the size of order?
1	there is no link to click	Where is the link
0	Hello Eva. Are you there?	why are you named eva?
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	How do I use the coupon I got?
0	today i saw something that i want to buy. I is on sale. the sale is due to close now. I cannot buy because I cannot log onto the site. What can I do?	I cannot buy with QIWI Wallet
0	We tried to sign in for an account and the code part does not work	Why does not TradeManager work?
0	I am not able to use my coupon, when I will finalize a purchase my coupon does not appear	How I can use my coupon?
0	how to fi	How old are you?
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	the store I placed the order is closed
0	how do i cancel order?	How do I cancel Frozen Order?
0	how to become seller	How do I contact seller?
0	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	I want a price on some products.
0	Can american express be used?	Why can not I find the store I used to buy?
0	I just want to remove credit card from site	i want to make want payment from credit card
1	so please you can help me	Could you please help me?
0	before placing order	Why I got problem placing order here?
0	i need to find my payment information	I need some information
0	I placed an order and paid by credit card (then cancelled as the seller still had to apply discount). The seller has since applied discount and now we cannot pay with any credit card and comes up with the message 'system error' try again, but tryin	I have not applied the discount of the coupon
0	How can i pay for my purchase?	How can I purchase one product?
0	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	I want solution to my dispute escalated for more than 90 days
1	How can i get an order receipt or invoice?	I wanna get receipt
0	dont want to received email from message center	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
0	I made a request in January and I have not received yet, how do I do it?	How do I request for refund?
0	this is my pleasure	My order is
0	hello. how i can ask the seller for the bill for my company	How can I find a specific company?
0	My account iz broken	wanted to disable my account
1	Can I talk to someone without being a machine?	can i tell with someone?
0	nice to meet u	are u there?
0	I marked order received by mistake	I cannot make an order
0	they sent me a note and ask me to appeal	if the store ask me to cancel the order will I get refund?
1	help with my account	I need some help with my account
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	Why my order was closed?
0	could you help me and could you open dispute?	Could you get me the address of a supplier?
0	They send me that	Can you send me a catalog by mail
0	put order in the cart	I cannot put more than one item in my cart
0	What number is the beginning of my purchase I made on the date of 21 05 2017	I made a purchase and want to change the size
0	How to I pass a appeal	How do I reorder?
0	how to open dispute	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	i have saw Cancelled Orders Finished can explain me	I have paid for my orders but the sellers have cancelled my order
0	restore order list	i wanna delete all in my order list
0	how to change delivery address	I cannot add a delivery address
0	I want to remove an appeal	I want to remove my feedback
0	My account has the problem	My account has been hacked
0	how to reset my account password	I want to reset my password have not got the email
0	Can you talk to a human being?	are you human
0	Did not pay back	I received an email said I did not pay for the order
0	Can I write in german, please?	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	ok but I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	Ok Eva thanks very much I understand
0	how to remove ideal payment detail	how to remove unnecessary unpaid order?
0	The shipment of my product has been cancelled. Can't contact the seller	Why order has been cancelled?
0	I CANNOT BUY FROM CART	I cannot send it to cart
1	WHAT DAY CAN I SPEAK WITH A HUMAN?	I'd like to speak with a human
1	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	Why do not you have customer care number
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	Do I pay for the goods immediately?
0	I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me an error when sending	Ask for error msg
0	i will visit China	How can I ship to China?
0	How do I remove my email address	I do not know the secret question and my email address is locked
0	how to check your order number	how to delete off your order
0	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	I need help with my order
0	i can't buy my order	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
1	How to upload picture	Why I cannot upload photo?
0	I'm looking for bdsm jewelries	looking for a contact number to speak to some
0	I gave up buying a product but I want information that is not paid back	I want to extend buying protection
0	i am not satisfied with the dispute	Can I return a product if I am not satisfied?
0	i have just one the payment. But I haven't got the confirmation yet. Has the order been placed or not?	I have just paid for an order but it is still showing as awaiting payment
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	I cannot find my paid order.
0	Hello, eva, is my payment still being processed?	My order was cancelled but my money is still being held
0	change my credit card number	Change my address
1	as a human	i need to speak with a human
0	How to cancel product?	How to cancel the order confirmation?
0	i just sent a post	i just place an order
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	Can I place all my orders in the same shipment?
0	What if I don't like the way the dress fits or it is the wrong size? Can I return it for a refund?	I don't know.
1	do you have a phone number?	do you have a phone number i can ring
1	I have problem product	Oh i have a problem
0	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	i have already ordered an item
0	There is a mistake translating a word "order" in English to Turkish...	I delete an order by mistake, what can I do?
1	They still haven't arrived	not arrived item
0	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	This account does not exist, what should I do?
1	I pressed. Click the Confirm Order Receipt button. Before the Order is sent.	I accidentally pressed a button to confirm the order and the goods are not received.
0	How to pay using ideal payment	How do I pay using PayPal?
0	hello! may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	I want to know the mediation status.
0	how to get refund boleto	How to get a partial refund on my order.
0	I made a purchase, send it to the wrong address, and it looks like it will return, how do I get my product	I made payment but it looks like not pay
1	Why is my order cancelled?	Why my payment got cancelled?
0	are you okay?	You are wonderful.
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	Will order arrive at my address?
0	please can you tell me about shipment to Pakistan	Would you tell me more about dropshipping?
1	how do I change shipping address	How do I change the shipping address?
1	How do I exchange coins for coupon	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
0	i already asked something i am talking with a computer isn't it	I placed my order and the seller asked to cancel.
0	All the time you say that you are going to refund me but you don't do	do you hear me?
0	I hope you understand what I said	Hope can talk with you again tomorrow.
0	Hi there, I'm trying to view a product I ordered but I don't have access	I have ordered an item
0	seller not response my refund status	I send a lot of messages to seller but always no response!
1	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
0	I want full refund of products	I want to buy a lot of products
0	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	How do I report a seller?
0	I CANNOT BUY FROM CART	I cannot add it in the cart
1	exchange coins to coupons	How to change my coins for coupon?
0	i need developer account	I need a girl friend.
0	I did not receive my order but tracking says it delivered	How do I receive the tracking number of my order?
1	I want to talk with a person	an i talk to a real person
0	add additional feedback	how to add to my favorite
0	I am a victim of a scam	How do i know this is not a scam
0	Wanting place an order but the system don't put it in my basket	How do I place my order?
0	how do i set shipping address?	How do I set up an invoice?
0	how to verify account	How long does it take to verify documents?
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my escalated dispute?	dispute escalated but i received the goods. how to close it
0	has nothing to do w my order	I have nothing to do now
0	OK OK OK	ok bye eva
0	i can't find it	you cant help me
1	how can I pay paypal?	How do I pay using PayPal?
1	How can I send back the jacket I bought to change the size	How do I send back the product?
0	How to edit my phone number	How do i edit my feedback left?
0	how do I do?	how do i get PI
0	r u idiot?	what r u?
0	Problem not solved.	what is the problem
1	impossible to join contact customer support	contact customer support
0	for my phone	I have entered wrong phone number in my shipping address
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	I got charged twice. What can I do?
1	i need to cancel my order and need my money back	If I cancel my order, will I get my money back automatically
1	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	May I speak with a customer service agent?
1	I thought this was supposed to be a live chat?	I want live chat?
1	I keep getting my orders cancelled for security reasons.	Why my order is closed for security reasons again?
0	The shipment of my product has been cancelled. Can't contact the seller	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again.	Why is my payment being verified again while it has been confirmed?
0	If your order shows 'order cancel',	I paid an order but it is still shows the same status
0	i was having problem with my order and i have report for that issue but no one reply on me	i have a problem with the dispute issue
0	##I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them	I contact a seller and want to cancel a purchase.
0	Im not happy about dispute results	im going to kill you
1	one of my order is in a good adres but in the english languages orders can you change that into dutch	How can I change the address on my order?
1	hello I have an order number but cannot find it in my account	I cannot find my order under my account
0	I have a question about the plugins to display products on my website	please i have a question
0	how to leave feedback	How to report feedback abuse?
0	please wait a minute	Please call me.
0	I contacted the seller but he has not answered yet	I have opened case more than 3 months ago. Why if in has not resolved yet?
0	How to find the item ship from USA	how long will it take to ship?
0	how can i place a order but not pay because de seller must change the prize before i pay	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
0	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to be unsubscribed from all e-mails
0	This is the third time I have contacted you with regard of appealing your judgment!	This is the first time I order from you
1	I want to talk to a man.	I want to talk to person
1	this is online chat?	this chat is automatic?
0	I just wrote my query	I have just joined and have not received my confirmation email.
0	Because before I was able to order hair by 3 pieces but now it's no longer possible	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
0	setting up shipping address	I can not change the shipping address
1	do you ship to iran?	Do you ship to Canada?
0	How can I put the store on the black list?	How do I add it to store list?
0	How to get reward points	How to get seller coupons?
0	I have no visa card and debit card	Visa debit card
0	how do i search for seller	How do I clear search history?
1	I can't open dispute. Time is over	the time to open dispute had ran out
1	how to pay local currency	Can I pay with local currency?
0	What does it mean: Your order will be closed in?	Order has been frozen what does that mean?
1	why is my order been cancelled?	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
1	I have not receive my money yet	I have not received my money.
0	it showed failed to log page	you are not authorized to log into this account
0	how can i use american express	How can I use a coupon?
0	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	the seller did not answer me about refund, what can I do?
1	in order summary there is not showing s 'Dispute option	There is no option to open a dispute in this order.
1	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call?
0	I can not take your tablet. I need to bill the tablet.	yes i need your help
0	You cannot help me	can you help me?
1	how do I get discount from the seller	How do I get a coupon for a discount of $25?
0	and me too	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	Where do I submit my drivers license and credit card information to prove who i am?	I am trying to make my payment on my credit card
0	how to remove credit card information?	How much is credit card commission?
0	I have never bought anything	you never have an answer
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	Can I chat with you in my cell phone?
0	turn off promotions	how to turn buyer account to seller account?
0	whar do you think l do and why do not spanish that are the ones that have to attend eh? l'm tryng	How do you think of Lady Gaga?
0	I cannot see western union option on mac checkout page	I cannot see the picture
0	Have all of my orders been paid for? I got confirmation emails saying they were paid but when I click on the order it says it was cancelled due to security reasons. How many of the items in my order list are paid and how many are cancelled. Can I talk to s	I received an email saying that my purchase was canceled due have not been paid.
1	need your urgent assistance	I need your help
0	why my orders can not be verified?	Can I find verified seller?
0	HI see my message i sent you a minute ago	I would like to see the messages I sent to the sellers
1	My order is very late, and the vendor do not reply my messages	Why it takes so long for the vendor to ship my Items
1	HI, Anyone there can answer my question? thanks	In my question cant get an answer.
0	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
1	upload video evidence.	How to add video as my evidence?
0	i don't paid because	I don't know.
0	How is it possible for me to charge something I did not buy	I wanna buy something but I cannot buy it. What should I do?
0	I am trying to update my expiry date on credit card and it wont accept it	I have a debit card and I do not have an expiry date
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	Why the same order credit two times?
0	so can you try to place the with the number to see what color you get	I already paid for the order. Can you change the color?
0	I can not leave feedback because the page is covered with text asking me to put stars	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	I have questions about details of a product	how to look the details of the product ordered
0	I cannot sign into my accounts. I have two accounts with you and both are blocked	How do I merge two accounts to one?
0	how to extend buyer's protection	How do I become eligible for buyer protection?
1	do you have a phone number?	do you have a phone number to reach
0	save for later	never mind see you later
0	hello, how can I invite friends	hello I have a problem with a store
0	Do I have to have an account with your company to order a product?	I have an account problem
0	It seems an old appeal has resurfaced on my account. All the documentation has been submitted and the appeal was satisfied weeks ago. Can you please help me resolve this issue?	My account has been hacked
1	When will I get the parcel?	When will I get my order?
0	I tried paying for an order today but it comes back saying the expiry date is wrong. My expiry date is OK 02/20. This happened about a month ago but was fixed. But, it's happening again.	it's about my order
0	we do not need remove please we need person can understand me	Can we send payment with paypal?
0	but i cancel within minute when i raised the order	I need cancel an order but the seller still not cancel.
1	how can I pay paypal?	Can I pay with PayPal?
0	reply me soon	How do I reply to feedback?
0	What is my order?	My order was sent to the wrong address, what to do?
0	i think my tracking number is a fake	I need my number of tracking
1	how to pay via western union	How can I pay with Western Union?
1	ok, thank you. I ordered this sunday. Means I have at least one month to see what will happen. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day and best wishes from Turkey	Thank you I'll try.
0	I am not able to open dispute	I am not able to create an account
0	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	I cancelled an order and have not been refunded
0	Change phone number	i want a phone number to call
0	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	I paid and my order was canceled by email.
0	no order found	Once again Thank you. All found
0	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	has been cancelled because payment was not made
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	I have just joined and have not received my confirmation email.
0	how to add additional feedback	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	Duplicate payments to solve	Escrow protects payments
0	How do i report the seller	How do I report counterfeit products?
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	I would like to know how can I pay for an item?
0	i am not satisfied with dispute result	Can I return a product if I am not satisfied?
0	i receive the order after getting refund	When will I receive refund after order finished?
1	how contact the seller	How do I contact seller?
0	Where to get a refund?	Where do I get PayPal?
1	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	I just placed an order
0	save card information	I want to save shipping cost by sending my packages together. Is that possible?
0	My refund is not at the correct price. What should I do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I don't need automatic answers.	I don't speak english
1	delete order history	how to delete my extra order
0	email us button	I would like to pay in Euros not in US dollar.
0	earn more about new features!	I want to know more about bank transfer.
1	I thought this was supposed to be a live chat?	how can i get to live chat
0	reward points not added	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	i receive a email says i did not pay, but i have paid and i have the confirmation	I did not receive confirmation after my order
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	The seller wants to make a partial payment and asks me open a dispute
0	sir i have to purchase a product from you sir	I have charged additional fees for my purchase
0	This is the link of the store	That's my order link
0	i mean is that the case?	How do I contact Case Management team?
1	tried to pay for my order wouldnt go thru whats up?	I tried to pay with my debit card but the transfer is not completed
0	I wanted to know more or less the day my products arrived?	You send spam every day, I do not want any more of your emails
0	Several times I make this same complaint, I already went to the bank and there is no refund, the last time I was offered to check, but I have not had an answer	I would like to make a complaint
1	the tracking number is not available, so i contacted the seller	The tracking code is incorrect so I cannot know where my order is.
1	Hello, can you help me?	can you help me with the status of order
1	I need contact with a real person	can i chat with a real person
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	The supplier has no feedback
0	how to use coupons	How can i pay for my goods using my coupons?
0	can you see my question?	Did you receive my question?
0	Hi, I have a problem, I want to return the camcorder to the warranty service, and the seller does not reply to my message	I emailed customer service. How long does it take to reply?
0	Hi, I am not able to open my account	I am not able to see my account
1	setting up shipping address	How do I set up shipping address?
0	reward points not added	I did not get points, what can I do?
1	I am not satisfied with the dispute result	I want to complain about mediation result.
0	How to find the item ship from USA	How can I ship to China?
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my dispute?	How long is the examination of the evidence of the dispute?
1	I have registered with an incorrect email address	The email address that I registered with the site is wrong.
0	How to response my dispute case	I wonder if there is any response for my escalated dispute.
0	why does this conversation keep disappearing	why the supplier does not contact me
1	How to find seller is reliable	tell me whether it is a reliable seller
0	You refused my dispute on a product, while I sent the requested photos to the seller. How to challenge this decision?	How do I get photos without the store numbers on them?
0	i don't receive my order	I don't speak english
0	I'm tired of you what should I do to get some justice ????	What is PO Box?
0	hello, I have a quesion. I ordered product to New Zealand with alie express shipping est. delivery 13-20 days. One time I ordered e packet to new zealand est. delivery 20-40 days. However the e packet arrived within 12 days. Is e packet usually faster to n	can I send you e-mail?
0	i have a problem with seller	I have paid seller offline
1	coins are not added	I do not have my coins
0	how can I'm get my Refund	When will you resolve the dispute so I can get my refund?
0	My account has the problem	The payment has been deducted from my account more than once.
0	i do all -and cant	How do I pay all at same time?
0	I have a compte I don't connected	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	I want to send you a photo for asking you if an item is available to any supplier of your site. Is it possible and how I can do that?	how do i send you an email
0	i have just receive email saying that i have to return the battery and pay the return postage in order to get a refund, its not my fault receiving the wrong item therefore seller have to send me a return lebel	I need to return an item
0	I can't pay when I try to order a product and ship it to Mexico	When can I pay my order by Visa debit card
0	my account does not allow me to place orders until I validate my account VIA appeal form	i forgot my account but i have orders
0	the part where you have to write the code seems defective	Where can I get Master Secure Code?
1	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	When I placed my order the card kept getting rejected
0	i want coupon	If I want to use a coupon
1	do I contact the seller?	Someone in Portuguese?
0	Money has not been paid	the product has been returned to the seller. When can I get my money
0	Hello! I have closed the dispute on may 21, 2017 and says that the refund will be made. When will be refunded the money?	When my money will be refunded?
0	how to change phone number	how to have a phone number please
0	my shipment cancelled	I want to track my shipment
0	why can i search for sex products on app	Can I search for a product by ID number?
1	this is my pleasure	all my pleasure
1	I can only speak Japanese. However, you can respond at the translation site.	You speak english only?
0	Hi!! need to delete my old credit card info to register a new credit card	Supported credit card types
0	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	how to cancel accepted dispute
0	how to become seller	How do I become a reseller?
0	How to upload MP4 in dispute	I cannot upload attachment.
0	how contact the seller	How can I contact with seller before the purchase?
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	Why there is no My Appeal?
0	how to link my card?	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	how I can contact with the factory person?	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	Can I ask for help? My credit card expired, how can I enter a new card into my account and pay for it? I would like to order new goods and it is not possible. Thank you very much	Can I pay my order with my Brazilian credit card?
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	I got too much searching results
1	Hello money i want to do what i have to do what i have to do	what do i do?
1	I have not received my order..?	i have not received my order and i want my money back
0	i wanna know about ma order	I would like to know about the Confirm Order Received button
1	The seller is not refunding me	The seller do not answer me
1	my card has been used by someone	I did not place a order. Someone used my card
1	how do i get an invoice	How do I get invoice?
0	Good day to replace other payment card number	Can I pay with other payment method?
1	link open a dispute	I need open a dispute
0	i have to send back the item back to china	I send the goods back to the suppliers why have not I get refund yet?
1	i order some item last week	I am having some troubles with my last order
0	But I have new email address	can i have your email
1	How do I manage my shopping cart	How do I delete items in Shopping Cart?
0	I am waiting for payment verification?	I am still waiting for my refund
0	i want to know is that any store with that name	I want to know
1	MONEY NOT RETURNED	When my money will be returned?
0	I bought the wrong product when the money is due	the product has been returned to the seller. When can I get my money
1	do you speak spanish?	I do not speak English only Spanish
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	How can I get in touch with the seller before buying?
1	how to pay local currency	How can I change the prices to local currency?
1	it's been on status waiting for refund since May 7	Waiting on answer for a refund
1	I need to talk to the online service.	I need to talk to a person
0	its there in Line haul from a long time	This is the first time I order from you
0	and i can;t check the tracking	Can I send a check as a payment method?
1	contact the seller?	What is the best way to contact a seller?
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	I want to cancel my order.
0	how to send image using app	how to send proof of identity
0	I cannot pay with my Mastercard.	Can I pay by MasterCard Electronic?
0	will My goods arrive directly to my hand or do I have to go to customs ofice	My goods have been detained by the Customs, what can I do?
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons?	How can i go to checkout?
0	when I can leave feedback?	Why I cannot leave feedback?
0	it does not show me the seller am looking for	show me your face
1	my order was not updated in one month	I have opened dispute one month ago and I am still waiting for your response.
0	i have a problem with payments on my account	i have problem with my tracking
1	How do I use a coupon or discount	I received a discount coupon I would like to know how can I use
0	i want to know why i cannot send message to the vendors	I cannot sign in and there is no error message
1	I did not get the goods as described. Of course, I want to upload photos, of course, but it is not possible. I tried a video, but I can not upload it too	I cannot upload documents.
0	changing the size of item	How do I exchange the item for the right size?
1	How do i add evidence?	How do I provide evidence to support my claim?
0	i need help to login	I need help in Russian
0	I did return the goods, but the seller's shop was blocked, and he does not answer what will happen to the goods? If the seller does not confirm receipt within 30 days	What if the seller do not sent the goods within a specified time?
0	why can i search for sex products on app	How can I hide or delete search history?
0	I asked many times the seller but he/she is always saying it will be here in week or two	Why the same order credit two times?
0	hello, can I pay when delivered?	When to pay
1	How to delete order?	how do you delete an old order
0	I finished dispute	When my dispute will be finished?
1	From this store, How to find the product ship from USA	I want to place the order from local store
1	seller has not ship my order	Why the seller does not ship the order?
1	cannot place an order?	Why there is no place order button?
0	I want to buy a product, but want to use my DHL account instead of paying for the shipping fee. How can i do this	I want to use China shipping address
0	someone else know vietnamese?? I wanna oder	I wanna fuck you
0	What? sorry. I did not write that message "I am still waiting for my refund".	I have opened dispute one month ago and I am still waiting for your response.
1	May I speak with a Human please?	I need to speak to someone please
1	HI I have been trying to pay for my stuff for weeks but it won't accept my card	trying to pay with my master card and it was not going
0	Looking for suppliers	looking for a contact number to speak to some
0	I have made many orders with other suppliers and they have all been very serious in their work	Do not want any e-mail notification to inform
0	My dispute is over, and now it's over, and now?	It has been over a week since I submitted my claim.
0	I do not know the problem	i do not know how to upload pictures
0	card details edit	What are product details?
0	hi i want to know refund status	I just want to say Hi.
0	how to add video to dispute?	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	My contacts are all ok	all my pleasure
1	The status is finished but I have nothing.	I have received nothing.
0	How to set that no one can send message	How can I purchase one product?
0	I have not received the products	I left a feedback for a company and I want to change what I wrote
0	How to get refund from Mercado pago	How do I get refund of WebMoney?
1	how to edit shipping address	I want to edit my name on shipping address
0	to ask someone for my order	Someone help to solve my dispute
1	I have new mail	I entered the wrong mail box number
0	i need help to login	I need size help
0	Do you actually have any other answer for me	Do you have any email?
0	I need top ten items sold in 2017	I wanna return the items to the seller
0	place an order?	Why there is no place order button?
0	but when i am not in my account, i mean when i view as guest, i can view the info page	I am awaiting my refund. When can I get it?
0	how to recover old account	how do you delete an old order
1	How long in I forgot the password	How can I reset my password?
0	what do you mean u cant help	What do you mean by Fund Processing?
0	I want to buy the cards in my shopping cart. How can I get you to print my instructions on them please?	How do I cancel products in my Shopping Cart?
1	Can I talk with a REAL person?	can i chat with a real person
1	are you an actual person?	Are you a person
0	i did not receive my refund yet	I did not receive confirmation after my order
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	How do I request partial refund
0	what is fuck is that	fuck off then
0	I dont see my question and Im just trying to make a order but your website is not responding	Why I do not see the orders on the website?
0	I have gone through what you have suggested and it has not helped. I need to have my account either deleted or my password for the email and user name reset. Please put your boss on.	you have not helped me
0	the above question	I want to ask a question
0	I can not evaluate the seller	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again.	Reason: An unknown error has occurred. Solution: Please try again later.
0	Is there any way to tell when my order will actually be delivered?	website shows that my order already been delivered, but i did not received
0	How to edit on dispute	How do i edit my feedback left?
1	i have forgot my password	I do not have a password
0	No, it is impossible to send mail	What is China Post Air mail?
0	i am problem with my order	I am having problem logging in
0	I'm looking for bdsm jewelries	i'm going to sleep
0	how to upload videos	I cannot upload the attachment
1	how many time take for delivery?	I would like to place order how long will delivery take
0	has nothing to do w my order	How do I confirm my order has been received?
1	its about login area	I have login problem
0	exchange coins to coupons	Can you make the exchange?
0	Hello The reimbursement has been made but it still does not exist I buy but not accepted	Why my payment needs verification after it has been accepted?
0	I already gave it but it says accept it but I did not receive my refund since I accept a refund without return of merchandise	supplier does not accept my refund request
0	where is the coupon page?	Is this page safe?
0	how to delete my card	How can i delete my profile?
1	please give phone number customer service i have problem paying for 2 days know	how to have a phone number please
1	I think I just ordered twice? same thing by mistake	I ordered in mistake. Can I cancel it?
1	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	do you have any e mail address
0	I can't write English	Do I need to write the address in English?
0	you didn't understand me	Can you follow me?
0	My issue here is my order not receive and your customer service not reachable. Please help.	Please help resolve my order issues
0	but contacted with bank nothing hold from them	I am buying from different suppliers but need them together
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	How do I request for refund?
0	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	I submit cancellation of order request, but my seller has denied it.
0	Cancelled Orders is showing order list means	My order is not showing
0	How to input into waiting Shipment using app	How do I start using TradeManager?
0	reward points not added	What is Available Points?
0	I forgot my password and email, and login id	Why there is no filed to write my email and password on login page?
0	how to block a seller	How do I contact seller?
0	hello, I was issued a refund for an item not received and now it has been delivered. What can I do to pay?	where can i check my refund has been transfer
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore	can I send you e-mail?
0	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	I have received the goods and I also received full refund.
0	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	I want to return the item
0	Hi I like to know if a seller needs me to send back, how does she refund me the delivery fees plus cost of the dress as I am using Singapore registered mail?	Can you send me a catalog by mail
0	how a make new store	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
0	Yes, it's on the way but it takes 3 weeks	log in takes too long
1	Unable to sign for an account	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
0	return shipping address of the seller	Who will pay for return shipping?
0	how to change phone number	payment services phone number
0	$$32.80 was taken from my account	Why payment has been taken twice from my credit card?
0	Where can you send me the address	Can you send an invitation letter to me?
0	how to delete card	How to delete cookies?
0	i have to have a refund	I have not received my refund
1	i cannot delete the order	How do I delete My order list?
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	i have been placed my order and have not received it
0	how to upload photo	where to upload credit card statement
0	i am not satisfied with the results of my dispute	I am trying to open dispute but it is not going through.
0	remove my card number	How do I change my credit card number?
1	talk with human	can I talk with a human?
1	we talk about my order bearing	I want to know about my order
0	I want a job at a company	How can I find a specific company?
1	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	What if I have not received the order and click on confirmation?
0	I can not make a purchase	Can I make payments with PayPal?
0	did you understand my problem? yes or no	You do not understand me
0	So where can I FOUND COUPONS I EXCHANGED? WHERE ARE THEY?	Where do I find discount coupons?
0	ship back address	do you ship to
0	i have activated my secure card 3d	I have changed my card number
0	how to open a dispute	There is no option to open a dispute in this order.
0	it's my third time	will i receive my order on time?
0	How to edit on dispute	How can I edit my profile?
0	I ordered some tea bags in November, that haven't arrived.	i ordered a product
0	Not yet shipped	I paid and the request is not yet listed as paid.
0	No received email confirmed	I received an e-mail saying my order was cancelled because the supplier was suspicious
0	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	I want solution to my dispute escalated for more than 90 days
0	how to block a seller	How do I report a seller?
0	could u plse check if refund is due	are u there?
1	how to reset account passwords	How can I reset my password?
0	There is a mistake translating a word "order" in English to Turkish...	How do I recover an order deleted by mistake?
0	protection will end and I can't open a dispute who will return me the money???	The site will not allow me to open a dispute
0	I did not but anything	I paid by TT and have not heard anything.
0	the buyer is refusing to replace damage order	My purchase order arrived. The item had some damage.
0	I have an email from Jessie Chen and I have responded, but message back shows as undeliverable- how can I contact Jessie?	How can I unsubscribe the email from you?
0	Hi Eva, I have an order that needs to be cancelled. I need assistance please	hi i need to tell u something about my order
0	why my orders can not be verified?	Why is my payment being verified while the payment has already been processed?
1	AWAITING PAYMENT APPROVAL	Why is my payment awaiting verification?
0	why the price of product did not change	What is product price?
0	I tried paying for an order today but it comes back saying the expiry date is wrong. My expiry date is OK 02/20. This happened about a month ago but was fixed. But, it's happening again.	I tried to track my order but I could not. What happened?
0	I want to buy a product with free delivery	I want to change my shipping to a free shipping
1	I need an assistance with my order	need help on my order
0	I am from china	I'm a supplier from china
0	save credit card	Do not use a credit card
1	as a human	i need a real human
0	how canon i print the invoice.	How can I print my order
1	i have to send back the item back to china	I want to send back the product
0	please do accept tbc	Do you accept Western Union?
1	how to find order number?	How to find my order number?
0	What is my Wish List for	I would like to email my wish list.
0	the seller is a lier	There is no rating for the seller
1	Verify email address	How can i verify my address?
1	How can i print my Bill	what can i print receipt?
0	seller is not responding	Who is the seller?
0	I do not know why my card is not working.	My orders are closed and I do not know why.
0	how to save payment method	Can I pay with other payment method?
0	Why u are not saying anything	r u there
0	Have received no any information on why this shipment has been cancelled	Why order has been cancelled?
1	urge seller to ship the ite,	Why the seller does not ship the order?
1	could you help?	Could you please call
0	Hello! I have a question about a delivery.	i have a question about my order
0	I gave up buying a product but I want information that is not paid back	I received the product and money back
0	I think I just ordered twice? same thing by mistake	I just made an order and I ordered the wrong size
1	why are you not answering corret: go to hell	tell me why you are not answering my questions
0	waiting for reply	Where is the reply from supplier?
0	I ordered a necklace 52 days ago but But it still did not come to me	I have opened dispute one month ago and I am still waiting for your response.
1	exchange coins to coupons	How do I redeem coupons after I get coins?
0	i'm live in india so how much time to i get product?	I love you so much.
0	did i not create an account when I ordered my product	i ordered product
0	how to get warranty	how to get escrow?
1	I'll talk to you later then	Can I talk with you?
0	please i have a problem	I have a problem with this order
0	No because you do not want to help me	will you help me or what?
0	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	Can I pay with other payment method?
1	how to use paypal	Can I use my PayPal account for payment?
0	you have other mode to pay. no card	How to pay with prepaid card?
0	buyer protection time notification	what is Buyer Protection
1	How to submit video	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	i want a machine to type on military necklace	is there a person or machine?
0	why is my order been cancelled?	Why my order was cancelled for risk issue?
1	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	How do i chat with an agent
0	i cannot pay using bank transfer	I cannot pay for my order using my debit card
1	DO you have an email address to send the claim?	I would like to send a email to you what is your address?
0	What is wish list	Why my wish list is empty?
1	how do i talk to service team	How do I contact dispute team?
0	Hi Upon contact now there was an icon chat now on the left hand side of the page now is not anymore	i want to know now
1	how to add evidence to dispute?	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	my account is not working	Why my tracking order is not working?
0	other orders arrived in time	use other payment method
1	how do i reset password?	How can I reset my password?
0	wrong email address	I put wrong shipping address
0	But money send	not send order
0	can you send goods to iran?	You can send the goods once again when I already paid?
0	i sent a request but nothing came through	I have nothing to do now
0	how to add items in cart	How do I delete items in cart?
0	my account no work	My TradeManager does not work
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore?	I can no longer access my account
0	Please check the history on this site	How to clear my search history?
0	and its cost me in my health already	I have already made the payment and do not send me the order
1	respond on dispute	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore?	I could not able to change my Password.
0	i am problem with my order	I am having a problem correcting my shipping address
1	Can I talk to someone without being a machine?	i want to talk to someone
0	I forgot the security question	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
1	I have problem tracking one of my order it over 15days now	i have problem with my tracking
1	how to use select coupons	Why I cannot use Select Coupon?
0	hi, How to resume the dispute? i am travelled and dispute was closed	I opened a dispute and the seller did not respond, the dispute was closed.
0	seller has not ship my order	My seller has sent out the product. I want to cancel the order
0	Hello, my credit card expiration has expired and I can not find anywhere where the new card data can be overwritten. Could you help me?	Why I can not use my credit card?
0	how do i add shipping address?	How can I add my P.O box in shipping address?
1	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	how can I open dispute if status is finished?
0	when my pay cancelled	When will I receive money for cancelled order?
0	The product has run out...	When can I receive my package after the product is sent out?
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	can I ask you about the
1	l placed an order from spain to spain	I've placed a order
1	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?
0	link open a dispute	The open dispute button is blocked.
0	why can i search for sex products on app	How can I search the products with lower price?
0	When will my case be resolved? I need to buy goods and I can not	I can't submit evidence to my case
1	I can't get help from you	I realized that you can not help me
0	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	i just place an order
0	i cannot see my order	I cannot see the tracking of my order
0	I want more wide walking shoes, width to be E, EE, EEE, EEEE	I want to know more about bank transfer.
0	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	My order was frozen since the supplier is suspended. What can I do?
0	that didn't work	Why does not TradeManager work?
1	change order details	Would it be possible to change the measure of order?
0	hi, How to resume the dispute? i am travelled and dispute was closed	how can I open a dispute with a closed order?
0	but i am after this period	I am very upset
0	i have a problem with payments on my account	I have a problem with my shipment
1	how can I pay paypal?	Can I also pay with PayPal?
0	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	Why my order shows Frozen Orders?
0	how many item I will received	How many times can I revise feedback?
0	hello i cain t order	i wanted t discuss my order
0	I dont understand	Ok Eva thanks very much I understand
0	how to retrieve deleted orders	How can I recover the deleted item in the shopping cart?
1	I'm trying to place an order, can you assist?	I am trying to place an order and no luck
0	you hopeless piece of shit	How much is each piece?
0	I need to open a dispute	Do I need to return the package if I open a dispute?
0	I can't make my payment via Mastercard, it keep showing me 'system error'. What should I do?	Why it keep ask me to sign in when I make payment?
0	I need help to register my account.	I need help with locating my order
0	Where I can find the feedback from the seller?	I made an order from you. Where can I find my invoice?
1	ok...I have a question for you	I ask you a question
0	the seller sent wrong color	seller sent goods to another country
0	how to confirm delivery	How to change delivery options?
1	How to change method of payment. Now the system record my payment by Mastercard but I need to pay by my visa.	How can I change my payment information?
0	I need to know my order status	I need know if my orders are processed?
0	I have problem with you guys	I have login problem
0	I want to order many items but my account is under appeal	If I want to cancel my order how many days the money will be back in my account
0	add new shipping address	I cannot put new address
0	how to claim coupon	How long will my claim end?
0	I am trying to add my card but it wont let me	I am trying to add items to my Shopping Cart and it is not going in
0	There is a problem with the system	Is your payment system down?
0	i have received it	I have not received the shipment of order
1	this my order number	this i my order number
0	how can I file for an appeal	How do I file complaint?
0	how do i find juggling clubs?	How do I find my member id?
0	Hello I need to reset my password before I can add a card	Why can't I receive the password reset email?
0	THE SYSTEM SAID DELIVERY FAILED	My payment have failed
0	how to have a developer account via please?	Please help verify my account
0	Why do i have to resubmit the documents i already submitted to you? WHY? WHY? WHY?	Why can't I do the payment?
0	how to become seller	How do I report a seller?
1	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	my product is delivered in another address
0	i am in mexico, do i need an permission to receive my orden?	What can I do if a supplier uses my pictures without my permission?
0	nice to meet u	You are a nice girl.
0	I have new email	Do you have email?
0	I have 7 orders which I have not received. They have all passed their open dispute dates	I have orders in dispute, when I will have my money back
0	what card I say I want to open a dispute and the page gives me error	Ask for error msg
0	how to add the reward points	How to add video?
0	but i am after this period	Can I reopen dispute after I close it?
0	Is there a live person there to answer my question?	Did you answer my question?
0	how to cancel unpaid order	How to cancel the order confirmation?
0	how to respond on the escalated dispute	dispute escalated but i received the goods. how to close it
0	The seller does not want to know anything about the dispute	I want to know something about my order
1	How to pay using Boleto	How do I pay with Boleto?
0	When my time was over to send the goods He changed his mind and instead of money on paypal he offered me a voucher at his shop	The seller asked me to confirm delivery before he send the item.
1	I want to talk to a man.	I want to talk to you
0	The chat does not work	My TradeManager does not work
0	my products do not reach me, I can not make a dispute	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	There is no button to click	I am trying to place an order, but when I click Buy Now button nothing happen
0	I already gave it but it says accept it but I did not receive my refund since I accept a refund without return of merchandise	I already paid but did not receive message from my bank
1	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	Could you help me to open a dispute?
1	I cannot open a dispute	I cannot open dispute for an order. What can I do?
0	So how can I chat with human	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
1	How to delete an order in shopping cart	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
0	How to find the item ship from USA in the store	russia size from usa
1	how to edit shipping address	edit address on order
1	how to delete item in shopping cart	How do I delete items in cart?
0	I wanna see my tracking details	I want details of my refund
0	Still not there either	Why the payments by Boleto still shows waiting for payment?
0	is there any extra charges for refund	Is there any notification to me if the refund has been transfer?
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I don't have more questions
1	is this a human being?	are you a human person or a machine?
0	can you check my dispute?	will you check my orders?
0	can anyone order from this site	Do not want anyone to see my name from feedback
0	Still not there either	still need help
0	I want clear out one of my account, name is "je"	i want to clear awaiting orders
0	was my credit card billed	Someone used my credit card without authorization
1	i just have a question	please i have a question
0	How do I remove my email address	My email address has been stolen, what can I do?
1	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	How do I cancel a dispute?
1	I need tracking info	How can I get tracking info for the product I ordered?
1	its about login area	My login information does not work
0	Hello I am havin this message when trying to buy something For system security reasons, we need to verify your identity. Please check your email within 24 hours for instructions regarding additional information to provide to us to complete the verification	please fix your message center
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	Why it does not show promotion price?
0	my account does not allow me to place orders until I validate my account VIA appeal form	My Moneybookers account does not work.
0	I wanna see my tracking details	I want to remove my card details
1	how to change your email address	How do I change the email?
0	It is not about the tracking order	Why my tracking order is not working?
0	How to ship back the item	I sent my item back
1	How to contact the seller	How can I contact seller?
0	fast shipping courier	What is Fast-Track Claims?
1	I just wonder when I got my order	When will I receive my order
0	I just want to know if my order has been sent	the order has not been sent
0	how do I remove my credit card details	How do I change my credit card number?
1	how to reset my password	How can I get my password back?
0	i have a problem with the seller	I have a problem with payment
0	I have not received my goods	I want to know if I am in Spain, how long I wait?
0	I can not make an order	I wanted to make an order to be delivered to China
0	How can I access my mobile orders on my PC?	Can I combine my orders?
0	i am unable to place my order	I am unable to change my email address. It says it is already in use.
0	Forgive me, but how to take a screenshot?	If I cancel my order, can you tell me how long it will take for refund?
0	shipping back fee	Seller should pay the shipping fee
1	Hello money i want to do what i have to do what i have to do	OK WHAT I HAVE TO DO
0	Will be able to assist me?	Why I am not able to place an order?
0	i have a cuestion	I have to go for now.
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	The seller has not shipped item
0	we talk about my order bearing	do you have a contact number i could call to talk about my dispute please?
0	why the price of product did not change	Why has the price been modified?
0	recently due to this email is not received i was not able to contact the seller in time to increase the protection time	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	i am talking about order number
0	The item I ordered is faulty it broke a piece of my car on first use	I just broke up with my boy friend.
0	Walle, How can you type so fast	you are so kind
0	I want to send an email	I received an e-mail saying my order was cancelled because the supplier was suspicious
0	where I can see my coupon page?	Where can I see reply from supplier?
0	i cant track my orders	i cant speak english
1	I forgot my password I can not retrieve it and I can not connect because my mail already exists	I forgot my password
1	I am so angry	I am angry
0	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	I want to know more about bank transfer.
0	how to contact seller	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	You will solve the problem. You will refund the money	do you make money?
0	the order is close	Order closed for security close order
0	and will they all be the same design	you keep giving the same answer
1	can i talk to a live person?	can i talk to a real person?
1	i want to ship the order in china	How can I ship to China?
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
0	Hi, can you verify an invoice?	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a random page?	I love you so much.
0	I didnt receive a single order that i made from Apr	I made a duplicated order.
0	why can i search for sex products on app	How can i search a store?
0	the wedding gown i bought was too big for the bride, despite the fact that i put the size to follow	I eat too much.
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	I did not get a full refund
0	recently due to this email is not received i was not able to contact the seller in time to increase the protection time	How do I pay for multiple seller items at same time?
0	my order was not updated in one month	The minimum order is one lot, but I only need one piece
0	How to pay using Boleto	How can I pay for my order using PayPal?
1	Hi, I need your help. I would like to open dispute, but the order is finished and it's more than 15 days since I confirmed the receipt so it's not possible to open dispute. Is it still possible to open dispute for the reason that the item is not wo	I cannot open dispute
0	upload evidence video	Why I cannot upload evidence for a dispute?
1	how do i reactivate my account	I want to reactivate account
0	setting up shipping address	Why my shipping address is not accepted?
0	Could you please connect me with a real person?	Could you communicate with me in Russian
0	Them i want to a people that speaking spanish please	am i speaking to an actual person?
0	who can help me please?	Please help me to track my order.
0	i don't paid because	I don't have more questions
0	I cannot upload video	I cannot upload the picture for some reason
0	I still have the problem that I do not change the product sent nok	talk to me
0	i'm live in india so how much time to i get product?	How much money will I get back?
0	how to apply feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
1	How to upload MP4 in dispute	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	my order was 120 plus total	My order is
0	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	I can not open a dispute since confirmed that I had received an order
0	Was my package sent to the wrong country?	My package was shipped the wrong method
0	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	I opened a dispute and my application has already been closed
0	why is it that they do not make mens shoes in size 12 US	Do you have sellers from the US?
0	password retrieval process	Why no one process my dispute?
0	where is this Appeal button?	Why there is no place order button?
0	hello i have another issue	What can I do for coupon issue?
0	were can i find the barcode	I paid but for some reason I can not find it.
0	I am so angry	so what i have to do
0	where is this Appeal button?	Where is that at?
1	are you sure that you cain t help me??	You won't answer me.
0	I have a question about taxes	I have a question about a dispute
0	that does not work	PayPal does not work
0	Hello good afternoon I would like to ask a question, I made my request and waited for confirmation of it, and the page told me that the tracking would be available in 5-10 days. The days have passed and I can not trace my request, what is happening?	What can I do if seller do not respond to my cancel request?
0	Forgive me, but how to take a screenshot?	how long it take to verify the payment?
0	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	My order keeps getting cancelled and I am not getting my money back
0	items in one package	Can you order one item or does the items have to be in bulk?
1	how to feedback	How can I leave a feedback?
0	I finished dispute	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
0	how to open a dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	these links are not working I need a service team	customer service team email
0	can I order without mobile phone?	Can I get goods without paying taxes?
0	credit card details	where to upload credit card statement
1	how to remove credit card information?	How can I remove a card from my account?
1	Am looking at super thick 3D wood log wallpaper mural paper	I am looking for suppliers
0	Where I can find the feedback from the seller?	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
0	i contacted the seller but he don't have my order. i can't sent my order because he don't have the product. I don't know how activate the refund.	I don't know how to use it.
0	You contacted a seller for me because of a defective item and they have not replied	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the item.
0	where can i find the iDeal icon? i cant find it anywhere	Where can I find previous orders?
0	my order isn't being processed	How do I know that the refund is being processed?
1	cancel awaiting for payment	I want to cancel payment.
0	Need my order traced. Your website is very difficult to navigate. It just says "order finished"	Why it says The supplier has sent you a message in your order?
0	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	What does processing time mean?
1	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	I pay the ticket twice. What can I do?
0	how respond on escalated dispute?	How do I cancel an escalated dispute?
0	I want to shipped my order all	I want to cancel the order, but the sellers shipped it nevertheless
0	i want to remove my credit card from my account	I want refund to my credit card
0	Eva please check my problem resolution state?	How to check my message center
1	Why does it take so long for my payment to be processed	Why does it take so long before my payment is processed?
0	how to stop seller messages	How do I send messages to seller?
0	whar do you think l do and why do not spanish that are the ones that have to attend eh? l'm tryng	Do you think you are clever?
0	I had a dispute	i just wanted to confirm they had the right address
1	Why can't I place an order	I cannot place my order
0	which account the refund money	When the refund will be deposited in my account?
0	i talk with saller and he say me for whait this 69 days for he resolved my question	He has sent me really nasty emails
0	i dont remember which one i used	I need to check my order status but i do not remember which email and password
0	I have a problem with the bad seller	Oh i have a problem
0	i need to raise dispute	I need to file a dispute but the limit time is gone. what could i do?
0	how do I cancel account	How do I cancel my order?
1	are u live	Is their not a live
1	and l do not know english and the translator is not going	Do you speak english
0	I get received my products but i have paid for the products	How can I delete the products I have received from the list?
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	I have placed same order four times
0	How can i contact a customer support via app?	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	who will reimbursement seller on aliexpress	Who are you?
0	you can not help me	I hope you can help me
1	I want to call	i want a phone number to call
0	what the fuck you talking about	fuck eva you are hot
1	I need to speak with some human support	I need speak to a human
1	The order I canceled was not refunded yet	Why has my order not been refunded after it was canceled
0	It was not bank transfer	I want bank transfer
0	no, I paid via card and did not send me an email about the order number	I paid and my order was canceled by email.
0	dispute time is over	What are time frames for opening dispute?
0	no.. i was trying to view new search	Where can I view order number?
1	i forgot my password and security answer	I want change my password and i forgot Security Question
0	Just wonder when I can get my order, my name is Rosa Estrada	when can i get the answer of my question
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	Why it has no tracking information?
0	how to submit a feedback	How do I cancel feedback?
0	change order details	I need to change my credit card details.
0	can i order on company name?	How can I change my contact name?
0	This is the order number.	tracking number for returned order
0	It's being only today I have received it	i only have debit card malaysia
1	My issue here is my order not receive and your customer service not reachable. Please help.	Please connect me to customer service
0	where is the "here?"	Where is receipt?
0	just a moment	I just want to say Hi.
1	why is my dispute invalid	Why my dispute was finished?
1	I want refund	I want to ask for a refund
0	I want to shipped order all at once	I want to clean all my order
0	I sent order back ,have you received it back yet?	I send the goods back to the suppliers why have not I get refund yet?
0	luffy can I have the address or direction puffy gave me yesterday	Seller gave me a defective item
1	and i have a problem with my order	i have a problem with the order
0	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	my transaction has been frozen too long
0	no that is not what im asking	Im confused with your reply
0	where to put my card number	How do I change my credit card number?
0	how to open a dispute on app	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	I need your help...	I need help in Russian
1	my order is not moving	Whether my order was shipped?
0	Walle, How can you type so fast	Why can't I type message?
0	this link is empty	How can I empty my cart?
0	i cannot add a credit card to the account	I cannot add a delivery address
1	how do i cancel order?	How do I cancel my order after made ??it?
1	Can you delete my account and I will start again	How to delete my account?
0	Hi i want to change my password. How can i do that?	I could not able to change my Password.
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	i placed order and paid.
0	Where I can find the feedback from the seller?	Where can I find old messages from the seller?
1	I am from Romania	I am from country
0	its been 25 days since my order. when will i receive the order	My order was frozen since the supplier is suspended. What can I do?
0	I do not know what the answer may be.	I may be charged twice. What can I do?
0	i need to find my payment information	only need to find my purchase
0	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	I selected the wrong size
1	estimated delivery time.	what is delivery time to my country
0	you not understand me to help us	can you help me with
1	hi, how can I add photos?	I need a function to upload photos
0	Yes but the seller does not respond	I would like to cancel my order but the seller does not respond.
0	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	i did not receive the order
0	I dont see my question and Im just trying to make a order but your website is not responding	I just ask a question
1	How do I exchange app coins	How do I redeem my coins?
0	so i was buying a case	What guarantees do I have for buying here?
1	I dont want a stupid robot, I need an answer	I do not want to connect to a Robot
0	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	Many thanks to Eve
0	how do I remove my credit card details	How do I revise my dispute details?
0	I tried to extend the purchase protection but seller is silent. When I try to open a dispute the system not permitted me tod do it.	When can I open dispute?
0	do you need order numbers?	How do I use Store Numbers to find sellers?
0	I have not received any attention from the seller	How can I delete the products I have received from the list?
0	however, i tried to buy the same printer and paid it with the same credit card but its not working..	I paid an order but it is still shows the same status
1	what a fuck is that what are you doing there	What a fuck day!
0	As I can't do appeal	Can I do dropshipping?
0	I can't pay when I try to order a product and ship it to Mexico	the loading time is too long when I try to sign in
1	hello, i have a problem with my shipping address. why doesn't it agree that?	I have a problem to change my address
0	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	How do I get to talk to the seller about my request?
1	could you track the status of order	can you help me with the status of order
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	How do I show in my currency?
0	This is the link of the store	Was the store closed?
0	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
0	hello by mistake I have received my product, but I have not received it yet	Can I pay for the order by e-mail?
0	there was a problem when i paid with the credit card	I have paid for my Order via credit card. but shows that I have not paid.
0	will you deliver to usa	how many days to deliver the parcel?
1	how to add item to your wish list	How to add product to Wish List
0	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	Can you help me find my coupon?
0	how can i pay with ideal	How can I pay through western union?
0	I pay seller and my order never arrive	Will order arrive at my address?
0	cancel my order	I want to cancel my order but the cancel order option is not available anymore
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	i have a coupon but checkout wont apply.
0	do you need order numbers?	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	hi, the seller gave me a new tracking number. how must i use it?	I gave Western Union the number but it does not working.
0	What do you say i don't understand you	how can you understand me
0	My buyer's protection has ended and my I have received packages for 3 out 4 of my orders... I am not very happy. My sellers did not extend my buyer's protection except for one. I would like my money back.	I have not received my money.
0	how to set the shipping address	How can I edit my shipping address?
0	has nothing to do w my order	My order has gone to another country, what can I do?
0	after received item I found out it is not working	I have not yet received the item but the confirmation time out.
1	I have gone through what you have suggested and it has not helped. I need to have my account either deleted or my password for the email and user name reset. Please put your boss on.	How do I get my user name?
0	How can I access my mobile orders on my PC?	I access to My orders but it keeps asking for login
0	The seller is blackmailing me to change the dispute reason into one that is not true.	the seller change Carrier without telling me and now he want me to pay extra charges
0	what is an appeal	what to say
1	Is cash on delivery option is available?	Is your product available on cash on delivery?
1	how do i add shipping address?	How do I set my shipping address?
0	i submit my appeal and nothing happens	I cannot submit evidence to my case
0	I canceling order i made by an mistake	I confirmed that I received the product, and I made mistake. I did not received the product yet.
0	how to confirm order	I pressed confirm order in false.
1	Can I chat a person? Robot eva is not getting it	Eva this live chat is not working
0	how do I find a certain store?	how can I find the address of a store?
1	How do I get coupon	How can I get the coupon?
0	save card information	I will upload my card and identity information
0	have talked to you yesterday and was told this will be resolved within a day	How long will my claim be resolved?
1	My membership level are not added	Why my membership level is not counted incorrectly?
1	this isn't helping	Not helping at all
1	how to open dispute on completed order?	My transaction completed but I want to open dispute
0	Hi, I am having trouble with my payment	I am having trouble authorization to access my account
1	I want to call	i want to call the seller
0	Hello I have a problem, all my packages do not arrive at destination and are sent back to the sender! I checked the address that I registered in my account and it is the right address!	I sent my item back
0	I would like to make a payment via bank slip which procedure I am not finding the desired option	I would like to make a complaint
1	why I cannot use coupon	When i go to the shopping cart i cannot use the coupon
1	Visa credit card	Credit card type
0	Am looking at super thick 3D wood log wallpaper mural paper	What is 3D security code?
0	Where I can find the feedback from the seller?	Where can I find previous orders?
0	how to open a dispute for complete order	There is no option to open a dispute in this order.
1	They still haven't arrived	It never arrived
0	how to change price	How can I see price in pounds?
0	The status is finished but I have nothing.	How do I open dispute with a finished order?
1	Hi. I want to send mail to sales manager. I need the email address.	i Want To Speak to The manager
0	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	I get an email that a new mail has arrived
0	how can i Appeal my orders that didn't go through for security reasons?	my order can't go through
1	How to change language	How do I change the language on my account?
0	I DON'T GET MY ORDER	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	i havent received my goods	Why I cannot confirm goods received?
0	How do I extend Processing Time of an order	How do I undo extend processing time?
0	how do I remove my credit card details	How do I receive refunds if my credit card is changed?
0	when i received the order it was twenty days wrong color	I have not received the order and the tracking number given is wrong.
0	how to remove ideal payment detail	how to remove goods already received
0	When I try to sign in you ll me it is blocked and to sign in and you will send me a number on my phone but you never send it...so how do I put another order in	Why it keep ask me to sign in when I make payment?
0	how to see buyer protection	How do I extend Buyer Protection time?
0	how can I report fraud seller	how can i protect myself from fraud
0	can't leave feedback	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	How do I check if a seller reliable?	How do I check Feedback Profile of a seller?
1	i have not received my order.	i have been placed my order and have not received it
0	What happens if I don't get my refund	If I cancel my order will I get a refund?
0	what time is it in China?	what will be the GMT time of
0	I'm having trouble canceling my account.	I am having trouble paying with my credit card
1	cancel my order	How do I cancel my order?
0	how to find an order number	How can I find the details for my order?
0	I paid my order several times, because?	I have several orders that were paid but not sent to me.
0	good evening I did not receive a parcel because it was handed over to another person I opened a dispute but the seller insists that the parcel is in customs and is in the hands of a carrier But I contacted the customs and posters, the parcel was delivered	Which site can I track the parcel?
1	How to submit video	How to add video in my dispute?
1	how to I search for a specific store name?	How can I locate a specific store?
0	how to use rewards points	How to use a coupon in order?
0	i do not agree with dispute result	I want a full refund but seller will not agree
0	Nice to know you.	do you know why?
0	I have new email	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
1	I have ordered with an incorrect email address	I joined with an incorrect email address.
0	Please investigate my problem	I have problem with my computer
0	Do I have to have an account with your company to order a product?	I like to order a product but I do not know how to contact the company
1	Can i have normal customer care not robot please	please do you have customer service phone
0	hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a random page?	Why have not I seen Qiwi on the checkout page?
1	Hello, I cancelled my order. How long does it take to get my money back?	How can i get my money back from canceled order?
1	I did not change my address. After collecting my additional money, I was told that the seller does not ship to my region.	The seller refuses to ship my order after I paid
0	add video evidence	I cannot submit evidence to my case
0	I marked order received by mistake	Can I order by telephone?
0	How to find the item ship from USA	Where I can find the coupon from seller?
0	My contacts are all ok	I want to cancel all my orders.
1	how to report the seller.	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
0	i need to locate a store	I made purchase but cannot locate it.
1	how to delete card	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	i need helper	I need a girl friend.
0	I can't pay when I try to order a product and ship it to Mexico	Can I arrange to ship a product to an address in China?
0	my shipment cancelled	My order is closed for No Shipment.
0	I can not make an order	Can I make change to my order after clicked place order?
0	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
0	I want to charge the fee.	If the product I received is not the right one, can I return it free of charge?
1	Can not you talk to me?	Can you help me?
0	dear i have pay very huge amount but i dont have proper feedback	I have a very big problems
1	I need a real person, please	can i chat with a real person
0	Hello good afternoon I would like to ask a question, I made my request and waited for confirmation of it, and the page told me that the tracking would be available in 5-10 days. The days have passed and I can not trace my request, what is happening?	i would like to ask regarding the buyer protection
0	How can I get a refund	How do I get refund by Yandex?
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do I change my phone number?
0	by error i made two order than i need to cancel the last one	How do I merge two accounts to one?
0	add additional feedback	How to make additional payment for my order?
0	How do I apply the Warranty Service?	How do I contact service team?
0	Kindly tell that i have ordered some goods but not received. I have have ordered tham a long time ago	I have received both goods and full refund?
0	I have already via this page and it was no problem.	loading page problem
1	steps on how to contact seller?	I want to contact seller.
0	Can you tell me when will I order my order Me 2017-05-22 12:05 hello I have already written twice that you have not received my order. And you have cheated twice	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	Can I contact you by other ways?
0	i bought something at store roy wang	The product I bought it does not work
0	want to pay for item that was refunded	Do I have to pay for wrong item return
0	so tell ,e the store	tell the color
1	kindly explain how will your office process a refund for cancelled order	My order was cancelled but I have not received my refund
0	Hello, how can I invite friend	I just broke up with my boy friend.
0	So who will provide a answer	Who are the suppliers that can provide drop shipping?
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do I change the language on my account?
0	The store told me that I have to wait but they get paid I think	How long do I have to wait for mediation?
1	ship to iran	do they ship to
0	so how to do it &gt;	Do you have a 1-800 number so that I may speak with a live person?
0	Hi. My dispute status is: Status: "Awaiting seller's receipt confirmation" and it is 7 days given for the seller to confirm the reception. Those 7 days have already passed but i have no refund for this dispute	Product status awaiting receipt
0	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	my orders got a finished" message but they have not arrived yet."
1	Close account and delete credit card	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	I had not receive my merchandise	When will I receive my order
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	i have placed an order but i wish to confirm the mailing address
0	how do I cancel account	How do I cancel Fund Processing status?
0	i am looking for a product	I am looking for a seller I ordered before. Can you help me?
0	please help already 20 days is done but payment not get	Boleto payment already done
0	I do not have the order number only the ticket	How do I receive a refund by Boleto?
1	how do I change shipping address	I want to change the shipping address
1	and i have a problem with my order	i have a problem with my order
0	Yes me too..	Yes can you help
0	how do I get discount from the seller	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
0	What I have to do for my seller to be able to adjust a price	What can I do if seller do not respond to my cancel request?
0	Submitted my appeal 4 days ago and I didnt have any answer	how can I see my messages that is submitted
1	how can I pay paypal?	Can I pay using PayPal
1	thanks for your help	thanks for your help
0	how i print invoices	How do I print Boleto?
0	add videos on dispute	how to add to my favorite
0	Hi, my account has been suspended and I can no longer leave feed backs or open disputes. What is wrong with my account?	Why my account has been deducted twice?
0	Do we need to integrate a SDK for that?	Do I need do anything to make a refund?
1	this is robot?	are you a real person or a robot?
0	What is my payment status?	Why my order status says awaiting your payment?
0	I have a code for 435 off my order put it is not allowing me to put the code in	I forgot to put my name on shipping address
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	Why my order was disappeared?
0	For example this store, How to find the item ship from USA	How do I use Store Numbers to find sellers?
0	Why my package is blocking the original country?	Why the order can not be shipped to my country
0	You're already putting this on all the time	Please call me.
0	No because you do not want to help me	Could you please help me?
1	There is a problem with the system	it says system is unavailable
0	how to get boleto refund	How to get a partial refund on my order.
0	good day I made a purchase 6 months ago and did not arrive the seller says he had problems with customs. but it has not solved me neither the refund nor the product I need help since he does not answer me	the seller change Carrier without telling me and now he want me to pay extra charges
0	i havent received my goods	I have received the goods and I also received full refund.
0	How to respond	why supplier does not respond
0	I cannot upload a video	I cannot upload the picture for some reason
0	Yes I brought a wig and what i wanted they done have	I have a dispute and the company has done nothing to resolve the problem
1	I have not received my goods	I have not received my goods, what can I do
1	how to upload picture	how to send a picture
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	I do not have access to my account
1	why cant i pay?	Why can't I pay my order?
1	My dispute is taking too long, why?	My dispute lasts too much time. What can I do?
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	I would like to send a email to you what is your address?
0	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	I need to cancel order but the seller refuse to cancel.
0	wait... let me show u a snapshot...	It will not let me proceed with my order
0	I made the payment first.	I made a payment twice.
0	I received my orders and all of the costumes are too small. I need much larger sizes and are performance is coming up soon. Can I have three new costumes shipped out asap?	I cannot find my order. It is not coming up.
0	I just read that you rejected my appeal!	I want to read feedback written about my order
0	tried to pay for my order wouldnt go thru whats up?	order did not go to my address
0	how to reject the proposal	How are you?
0	can you send goods to iran?	can I send you e-mail?
0	i hate you eva	fuck eva you are hot
0	greeting! I bought the item but I put the wrong number of the apartment and did not get the package. I contacted the seller and he told me he would send me back when the package came back. It's been a month and he's not going to send the pack again	Seller stopped to respond me after I send the goods back
0	Hey Seller I talked with my bank, about the cancelling order I made by an mistake, they told me that you guys have to write an email to them with the details about the order and the amount so that the can free the money earlier so I can make a new order fa	I have forgotten my password for my account. Can you make a new one for me?
1	The shipment ME requested did not come as it was replaced by another product	I paid for my order but did not come
0	has nothing to do w my order	how do i know if my order has been shipped?
0	just want to know exchange sizes	I want to know coupon
0	I have to received my order, and i'm not able to submit a dispute	I submit cancellation of order request, but my seller has denied it.
0	Can I write in german, please?	can u please help me?
0	I have new mail	when a seller does not answer my mail what do i have to do
0	i need to speak with someone	I need bill
0	Did you helped me?	I made a purchase and did not answer me.
0	i can not sign in	How can I sign in to account?
0	save card details	How can I save sellers?
0	how to use rewards points	how to use coupon again
1	How can i print my Bill	how can i print the invoice for my order
0	post sell claim	What is China Post cost?
0	is it possible to export a report of all my shopping?	How do I pay all orders from Shopping Cart?
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	Why I was double charged?
1	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	The site will not allow me to open a dispute
0	I cant open dispute because order has delivered	I have open dispute but it has been close with no answer
0	I have received a registration conformation email for an other email, which I never used for this, of course I didnt confirm it, but after I received some order confirmation as well, which I havent done at all.	I have not received payment confirmation email
0	hi how do I import items to my website for drop ship	How do I track my items on web?
0	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	It does not let me click Open Dispute.
0	how to find a product?	Why can not I find the product in a store?
0	feedback is not showing	The shopping cart is not showing the products
1	how to get boleto refund	How do I receive a refund by Boleto?
0	hello, i have 3 cancelled orders and i still have not receive my order	I have paid my order, why it says it is still unpaid?
0	where can I see which vendors deliver the goods faster???	How do I deliver goods to China?
0	I have already send the proof to your colleagues	I did not find where to send the proof of payment.
0	My order has been retained in the Portuguese customs, I need a proof of purchase, invoice, receipt, how can I do?	how do i know if my order has been shipped?
0	how to scan qr code	How to use promotion code?
0	Cancelled Orders Finished means	What is dispute finished?
0	I closed the dispute because seller promised return my money, if I didin't get order 15 days, time was out, and now he didin't return my money	Seller asks for PayPal to return my money.
0	Can you guys ship out the items with 1 day shipping?	Do you guys have a phone number that I can call
0	How can I check my Buyer's Protection	where can i check my order?
0	how to find seller rating	How do I find a seller?
0	If you have done it very well perfect thank you	Seller has not received the payment
0	i have pressed a receiving confirmation button by mistake.	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
0	Okay thank you help I appreciate that have a nice day thanks	nice to meet you
0	High Quality 2016 Men Shoes Sport Lace Up Casual Shoes Men Flats Breathable Mesh Shoes Men Tenis size 39-48	I ordered Nike shoes and accept it
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	I am trying to update my expiry date on credit card and it wont accept it	wont accept order
0	ship back address	I want my order to ship to a different address
0	You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again.	Sign in error. Error code: 83. Please contact our Service Team.
0	Where I can find the feedback from the seller?	Where can I find proof of payment of an order
1	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	is there any way i can speak with a live agent
0	What is the maximum amount of time a dispute lasts?	My dispute has been escalated for long time. What can I do?
1	I received my orders and all of the costumes are too small. I need much larger sizes and are performance is coming up soon. Can I have three new costumes shipped out asap?	I need to change my product because the size is small
0	not received my order. The dispute at the request of the seller was closed. Now not product not dispute again can't open	Why my order is closed for Dispute Finished?
0	I was insulted by a supplier because I accidently sent him the same message twice about the same piece of jewelry	I accidentally ordered doubly the same product
0	How do I cancel my credit card details	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	this is my pleasure	this is my order no.
0	I was paying with the American card and I already put 2 times the information on the card and the payment was not processed as the message tells me there was an error	Why the promotion starts 2 days?
0	Can you see if i had paid please? If so i need it tracked.	When will you resolve the dispute so I can get my refund?
1	are you computer?	Is this a computer or a real person
0	I want to use another payment method	I want to transfer the payment to another new order
0	de fault address	Who will pay for the returning shipping charges if it is due to the supplier's fault?
1	can you please send me phone number so i can speak with some one it is 2 day and issue not fixed	Can I speak with an agent please?
0	Bank Konto BLZ	What is beneficiary bank address?
0	put order in the cart	I have put some items in the cart by mistake
0	How do I use my email address in new account	Someone use my email address
1	via bank card	I want to pay the bill via a bank transfer
1	how to add video to dispute?	How to add video as my evidence?
0	I didn't make an account until after I had placed the order	I had a problem with your order
0	The seller advertise wrong price	What if a seller advertise Buyer Protection and then refuse to use it?
0	Good morning, Eva. It is possible to verify a request made by me because DHL did not identify my purchase by the tracking code.	I made a purchase and did not answer me.
0	the transaction is completed	Status written completed but the money is not returned.
0	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	I want to know the price in Euro
0	how do i confirm the order?	I cannot confirm order received.
0	I can't open dispute. Time is over	When can I open a dispute?
0	what is happening	What is Love"?"
0	What does security check failure mean	What does FOB mean?
0	payment not processed	Why is my payment being verified while the payment has already been processed?
0	coins are not added	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I ordered a necklace 52 days ago but But it still did not come to me	I already paid 7 days ago but my order status has not changed yet. It is still Awaiting Payment
0	yes i need help	I need help in Russian
1	how I pay money?	How do I pay?
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	What happens if a item is sold out
0	Did I pay the order twice as I do?	I did not order anything. What can I do?
0	After the payment how do I report that I did? I'm going to do the wester union, and then how do I do it?	How do I report counterfeit products?
0	Would you like to know how to contact a company that is using a trademark without authorization?	I would like to know how to cancel my account?
0	Where to see coupon page	where to see if my order is finished or not
0	The item I ordered is faulty it broke a piece of my car on first use	i have already ordered an item
1	EVA I WANT TO TALK TO HUMAN	may i talk with human?
0	Good Morning. I paid the order ticket and without wanting to cancel it, can you activate it again please?	How can I cancel a paid order?
0	it has been 3 weeks since i submitted my claim	my order has not been shipped
0	for redemption says i'm out with the days	I can not check out
0	i havent received my goods yet	The seller has not yet sent the goods to me. I want a refund.
0	sorry My credit card data	Somebody used my credit card.
0	WHEN THE PRODUCT IS FUTURE	There is no unsubscribe box to click on in your email to cancel future emails.
0	I can't open dispute	When can I open a dispute?
1	how do I get discount from the seller	I do have get the discount
1	how to file complaint	I need to file a complaint against a seller.
0	Hope you can understand. Looking forward to hearing from you to confirm, thank you in advance. Best regards.	On which best describes you?
0	Were can i find to fill the form for refund	How do I fill in the correct telephone number?
0	how do i change my billing address?	How do I change my shipping type on an order?
0	I do not want to cancel my order	I want to cancel this order and get my money back
0	i cant pay for my item	I have returned my item
1	how to find order	How can I find my order in my account?
0	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	I ordered Nike shoes and accept it
1	hi eva. im having a problem with an order	i just placed order and having problem
0	and me too	shipping amount is too high
0	how do i place the order	I cannot place an order.
0	how to open a dispute for complete order	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	pay for order	I want to pay for my order.
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	How can I contact the seller to send information?
1	how do i confirm the order?	How can I confirm the order?
1	i need my money	I did not get my money
1	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	I need to speak to someone please
1	Same to you dear	thank you dear
1	seller not response my refund status	Wait for my refund and the seller never responded
0	Hello! My entry was blocked, 2 times answered that the rights of the buyer were violated, but I honestly opened the dispute when I did not receive the goods, so far it has not been received	I opened a dispute and so far nothing
1	I cannot sign in?	Why I cannot sign in to my account?
0	when I open a dispute	I cannot open dispute
0	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	what to do if the seller has sent the goods in the wrong postal company?
0	I have a compte I don't connected	why don't you have customer care number
1	The goods I purchased do not work. I have contacted the seller direct but am getting only emojis as replies. Cannot open a dispute.	I am unable to open a dispute
0	the transaction is completed	How to open dispute for completed order
0	how to upload evidence	How long is the examination of the evidence of the dispute?
0	how can I check order number	How can I find my tracking number?
1	the tracking number is not available, so i contacted the seller	Seller gave me false traceable tracking number. What can I do?
0	It turns out that I received the order but it was in poor condition. It's deteriorated. Sorry for my writing, but I do not know English and I'm using a translator.	I do not know English.
0	that didn't work	Will debit visa work?
1	someone used my account	Why is my email account taken by someone?
0	how to find the seller	How to find a table of sizes
0	I want more wide walking shoes, width to be E, EE, EEE, EEEE	I want to know more about payment method.
0	AND THAT I GOT A LANTERN BUT THE SELLER DOES NOT MEET MY MESSAGE!	I can not leave a message to the seller
0	What is buyers protection	your new buyers guide is too simple
0	Specific country warranty	How can I find a specific company?
1	My app coins were not added. What can I do	I do not have my coins
1	how no phone number i been on this service for over a hour	What is the customer service phone number
0	The seller refuses to refund or resend	seller who refuses to answer to my emails
0	hi the information showed DELIVERED FAILED? WHATS THIS MEAN?	whats the weather today
0	how can i add my product for sale	How can i add user in my chat
0	how can I remove from cart?	How do I remove a seller from blacklist?
0	nooo I want to buy 100 and have no shipping seller is willing to adjust price but your system does not allowed	I want to ask the price
1	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	I want to open a dispute but the page does not work
1	Add to Wish List Does not work	I cannot add things to wish list
0	and there have not called me	I called UPS and they have no record of this tracking number. What can I do?
1	I want the helpline line or customer care no	i want customer support
1	how to upload evidence on dispute	How can I upload the file?
0	i hate you eva	why are you named eva?
0	I will ask something	I order something and I did not receive an email
1	I want to cancel the order	I placed order twice and want to cancel one.
0	Hello. I was in touch with a customer service rep on the 10th of May and I still have not heard back	I paid by TT and have not heard anything.
0	i am looking for a product	I am not satisfied with the product received. What can I do?
1	whar do you think l do and why do not spanish that are the ones that have to attend eh? l'm tryng	do you speak spanish?
0	How do I register a business account	Do I need to have a business to make purchases?
0	I wanted to know more or less the day my products arrived?	I can not contact the sellers of products that have not yet arrived.
0	Dispute in Progress means	What does a copy of bank statement means?
0	seller shipping address	Why my shipping address is not accepted?
0	No, I need an answer from you.	I filed a complaint. When would you answer?
1	i need help with	i need help
1	How to leave feedback on App?	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	Hey Seller I talked with my bank, about the cancelling order I made by an mistake, they told me that you guys have to write an email to them with the details about the order and the amount so that the can free the money earlier so I can make a new order fa	The seller told me to cancel the order to return the money. What can I do?
0	is there an e-mail thru which I can contact you?	You have entered incorrect e-mail
0	When I bought, on the online page there is written delivery 30-50 days!	Internet Explorer Script Error comes when I click on I am online chat now
1	So how can I chat with human	how can i get to live chat
0	it's my third time	What's your work time?
1	I thought this was supposed to be a live chat?	I want to speak with Live Chat
1	Who is the seller	Who is the seller?
0	credit card details	Do not use a credit card
0	Didnt say anything about email	I cannot type anything
0	chinese service representative	Why a Chinese address is not supported?
1	I just want to know if my order has been sent	How do I know that my order has been sent?
0	the seller just said that need to wait some days.	What does wait seller confirm account mean?
0	seller is not responding	Seller is not liable.
0	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	what size should I order?
0	How do I get a coupon back	How do I get money back if I have cancelled dispute?
1	I need contact with a real person	i want to talk to a real person
1	Are you able to help me?	will you help me or what?
0	I cannot contact seller	I need to contact the seller of order
0	I want to know about my refund	I want to know about Bank Transfer refund
1	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	The order status has not changed after I made the payment, what happens?
0	You people are not treating me right	do you marry me?
0	They send me that	sellers do not send me my order
1	could you help?	Could you help me please
1	i order some item last week	I buying this item with order number
1	how to place the order but do not pay for it	How do I place my order?
0	so how to do it &gt;	The messages in my inbox do not get refreshed so I am unable to check
0	Its the 5 time I contact my order is not coming	I need to contact the seller of order
1	I want to change my email address but my old email address is no longer in use	I need change my email address.
0	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to change size in an order
0	how can i change my credit card details	where can I get my refund details
0	how to subscribed	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	i have activated my secure card 3d	If I use my credit card, is it secure?
1	are you computer?	are you a human or computer
0	hi, i have some problems with an cancelled order	I have a very big problems
0	I love you.	love you bye
0	SPSR shipping method	Why there is no Boleto payment method?
0	could you help me and could you open dispute?	Could you help me please
0	he seller says we have returned the money. I did not get the money.	When my money will be returned?
0	seller don't answer me	You won't answer me.
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	What does sold by piece mean?
0	coins are not added	What can I do with the coins?
1	I would be happy to talk to a person	i want to talk to a real person
0	Why did it say that I had my ordered parcel already in my post office, but it says that it's undeliverable, what is that supposed to mean? Will I get my parcel?	Please help me to get my parcel
0	how can I leave a feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	how many can i add to my shopping cart	How many products can I add to Wish List?
0	but i use ATM	Can I use PayPal?
0	How are you today?	Can you remove the list today
1	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	When will I get a refund for the order?
1	I want to know more about the product	I want to know the product details
0	you not understand me to help us	Can you help me?
0	because the platform is blocked is days	how many days to deliver the parcel?
0	hi, why i cannot pay with ideal?	Why can't I pay my order?
0	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	who help me
1	could you help?	Could you help me to open a dispute?
0	how to use bank transfer?	How much is Bank Transfer fee?
0	So far, this chat isn't going well.	Why isn't there a number to speak with a live agent?
0	seller have other behavior	Is there any other way to order, I do not have credit card
0	please answer me	please let me know
0	l understand my problem is costing me a lot of writing and does not give me an explanation	Can you give me the website to track my order?
1	how do I find a certain store?	How can I find a store?
1	hmmmmm okay thanks	thanks for help
0	how do I checked order number	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	question and answer	I'm tired to play with your stupidity but answer my question!
0	how to retrieve deleted orders	Why my account was deleted?
1	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	can I open dispute if the payment has already been released
0	Change phone number	customer service phone number
0	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	I have returned my order but the order has already been completed.
1	my order was not updated in one month	Why no one process my dispute?
1	Can someone speak to me? I keep getting cut off	can someone help me
0	:) I write in English	I cannot write messages
1	sorry, you cannot help me	you cant help me
1	how do I extend buyer protection?	I want to extend buying protection
0	Good day to replace other payment card number	use other payment method
0	how to reset my password	Why can not I reset password?
0	Example I am buying 100 of same item, if I place this in my cart the seller does not have access to change price and if I place the order it goes straight to pay and it is all ready payed	I am trying to place an order but it says error
1	The seller doesn't respond to me. What should I do?	Seller stopped to respond me after I send the goods back
0	how respond on escalated dispute?	i would like to stop Dispute Escalated
0	What is my payment status?	My status in this verify payment, and I would like to cancel the order
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	I want to request refund
0	No please listen.....I want to buy multiple items from a seller but after I buy more tha few the system charge me for shipping, the seller will adjust price, but my system does not allow me to do that because I can not order the item and pay later please h	How can I place multiple orders from same seller so that shipping will be together?
0	I can not evaluate the seller	How can I contact seller?
1	I need help to register my account.	How can I register account?
0	MONEY NOT RETURNED	dispute is closed and the money in my account is not returned. What to do?
0	how do I report the seller?	How do I report counterfeit products?
1	how can I open dispute	How do I open a dispute?
1	I guess you're a robot	you good robot?
1	how to contact customer service.	how do i email to customer service
0	What does it mean: Your order will be closed in?	What does collection mean?
0	are u men or woman?	I want a men
0	Can I buy without a mobile?	Can mobile phone use TradeManager or not?
1	In fact, every now and then I can not go, you know when I created the account I wrote the wrong email, and now I do not know how it is there whether you can check it out, I only know how it should be, I've tried everything, there are all my orders	I entered the wrong email when I created an account
1	I want to know that if i am in pakistan and you deliver it on home you will take us us dollars or our currency?	Do you only accept dollars?
1	Are you able to help me	Could you please help me?
0	I want to close a dispute	If I close dispute, can I reopen dispute again?
1	how respond on escalated dispute?	How can I respond to my escalated dispute?
0	Hi One of my purchases on the Tracking information has had the "Shipment Cancelled" what does this mean and will I still get my parcel	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
0	How to see the warranty	how can I see my messages that is submitted
0	I cancel order and status refund ist not change	My status in this verify payment, and I would like to cancel the order
0	how to apply feedback	How do I reply to feedback?
1	I have problem product	i have a problem with the order
0	hello! may I know what means "delivery failed" in parcel status?	What does a copy of bank statement means?
0	What if I don't like the way the dress fits or it is the wrong size? Can I return it for a refund?	I would like to return the goods
0	How do i report the seller	How do I report other infringements of the rules?
0	did not receive my order and the seller is not responding back	I canceled the order but I still did not get money back
0	i got an error on my order getting confirmation that my payment was successful	I just got an email saying my order was closed from no payment. but I paid
0	Not satisfied with dispute	Case NO dispute
1	how can I report fraud seller	How can I report a fraud seller?
0	seller have other behavior	I have a problem with seller
0	HI,I MAKE A ORDER AND I CAN'T TO PAY ,ALWAYS I HAVE THE SAME MASSAGE	Can I order many products at same time?
0	I have problem tracking one of my order it over 15days now	i have a problem with my order
0	how to set shipping method	How to set my password?
0	Hello, I cancelled my order. How long does it take to get my money back?	How can I get back my money on this order?
0	who will reimbursement seller on aliexpress	Should I pay for express postage
1	How do i extend buyer protection	How to extend my buyer protection time?
0	seller shipping address	I want to change the shipping address
0	how to feedback	How to leave an anonymous feedback?
0	so can't do bank payment if t	How long will payment by bank transfer be received?
0	I do not know why my card is not working.	I have pre-paid card and in the transaction is not working
1	hi, nice to meet you	nice to meet you
0	there is no link to click	link to confirm email was bad
0	How do I stop seller sending messages?	How do I delete unwanted messages?
0	how do i open a dispute?	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	My shoes never came and I'm having problems putting in a dispute and the seller won't answer me about my money	How can I read my feedback the seller wrote about me?
0	I am a seller	I am unable to respond to an email sent from my seller?
0	I can`t enter my credit card	Can I pay in installments on my credit card?
1	What happens to my order when my shipment status says "shipment canceled"?	Why my order is closed for No Shipment?
0	i want know when i need data to use it	I want to know coupon
1	The seller is not refunding me	The seller is not answer me
0	Has it shipped?	The seller has not shipped item
0	I have not received any attention from the seller	I cannot send any messages to any seller.
0	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	The processing time is over, and the seller has not sent the goods
0	I have received but the size is small I need bigger size	I need to change the size
0	I only want my money back that is my only question	only need to find my purchase
0	There is a mistake translating a word "order" in English to Turkish...	I confirmed order received by mistake.
0	Hello, I would like to know how to sponsor a friend.	i would like to know about the duty and tax
1	I need to understand why my orders have been cancelled	Why my money has been taken out of my bank but my order been cancelled?
0	my shipment is cancelled	Why my order is closed for No Shipment?
0	how to place the order but do not pay for it	How do I pay for pre-sale order?
0	I want to shipped my order all	I want to cancel my order, but the goods have been shipped.
1	Can I call Customer service	I need speak to customer service
0	i can't log in the forgotten password link doesn't work	my password does not work
0	not save card	How to pay with debit card?
0	how to place order without paying	will not accept debit how can I place order
0	no, you need cancel my email for me to buy again	can you tell me your email address?
0	how to respond to escalated dispute	What can I do if the seller does not respond to my escalated dispute?
1	that was automatic answer	so many automatic answers?
1	how to contact customer service	how do i get to customer service
1	My money is not in my account	When my money will be returned?
0	they sent me a note and ask me to appeal	A seller has sent me an order
0	I have just asked a question and you are not helping me. Please help me. I cannot log onto your website to make a purchase	please i have a question
0	If your order shows 'Canceled order', means	What does The supplier has partially shipped your order" means?"
1	how do i get an invoice	I want to get a invoice for my product.
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017 go to hell	I want to see where my items
0	How can i change my password if i don't have access to that e-mail anymore	How long does it takes from I placed my order until i get an e-mail?
0	How to delete coupon?	how to delete paid order
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	I cannot see the product what media find
0	I have made many orders with other suppliers and they have all been very serious in their work	can I send you e-mail?
1	I am from India, mumbai. any taxes or custom duty is applicable	do I have to pay any taxes to the Brazilian customs
0	i submit my appeal and nothing happens	what happens if i forget my register account?
0	Can I be connected to a live operator, please.	I need an operator who speaks in Russian
1	how to report the seller?	The seller is a fraud. How can I report him?
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	i need a live representative please
1	do you speak portuguese?	do you speak spanish?
0	There is a mistake translating a word "order" in English to Turkish...	I selected the option of receiving my order by mistake
0	how to fi	How much is a product?
0	i havent received my goods	The goods I received are damaged
1	What is my order?	what has happened to my order
1	I cannot upload photo in dispute	I cannot upload the attachment
0	how to search good seller	How to narrow my search results?
0	Hello. Please, how do I get in touch in Portuguese chat?	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
1	are you a real agent?	You can link to an online agent
0	please answer to my question, because I didn't get refund, and in that case I contact whit my banko to chargeback	In my question cant get an answer.
1	i want to know when i will get money back. I got an email stating that seller agrees to refund	When will I get my money back?
0	I ordered one item quite long ago and still didn't receive it	i have already ordered an item
0	Several times I make this same complaint, I already went to the bank and there is no refund, the last time I was offered to check, but I have not had an answer	I have placed same order four times
0	What if it's too late to Open Dispute?	My dispute lasts too much time. What can I do?
0	it is not letting me sign in?	How do I sign in?
0	Visa credit card	Do not use a credit card
0	I have a dispute with the supplier and there is no way to understand each other.	I did not understand the way the money will be refund
1	how can i remove order received from my order list	I want remove My order
0	how to get warranty	How to get discount products?
0	you not understand me to help us	Could you help me please
0	remove my card number	remove orders from my transaction list
0	I made the payment first.	How can I confirm the payment was made?
0	how do I submit an appeal?	I cannot submit my dispute form
1	i will visit China	I wanna visit you
1	I need to speak with some human support	I'd like to speak with a human
0	I wanted to buy something and in the payment options, only creditcard is available	I wanted to ask if I order something how long it usually takes
0	how to reject the proposal	How to complain?
0	a colleague said he would be restored	I received an email said I did not pay for the order
1	via bank card	How do I pay for my shopping via bank deposit?
1	I produced the video of the second faulty flashlight	I have been sent a faulty item
0	How do I stop a seller sending message?	I can not leave a message to the seller
1	how to change card details	How can I change my payment to another card?
0	They send me that	It is to expensive for me to send the good back
0	how to have a developer account via please?	How can I contact with seller via email?
0	Hi i want to ask where my sneakers are, thank you	Where should I go to ask for a refund?
0	shipping courier to Germany?	seller changed courier
1	you can help m	can you help me with something
0	I opened an order and the product ran out	the time to open dispute had ran out
0	how to check coupons?	how to check the order?
1	delete order history	Is it possible to delete history of orders
0	can I order without mobile phone?	Can I trust suppliers without Feedback?
0	I canceling order i made by an mistake	I made a purchase but pressed the button product received by mistake.
0	Hey. I have not received a refund yet of cash from the auction number	I have posted a number of questions to suppliers, no answer yet
0	do i need an order for aduana to receive my paid?	I need rename my order
0	i want the order all i want is to change the address from english to dutch	I want to ask if all sellers are from China? Or are there also other sellers
0	I canceled the order, the param was not returned	Why I paid for the product and the order was canceled?
1	place an order?	I would like to place an order.
0	I want to pay,	i want to pay with two cards
0	how to scan qr code	How do I apply a coupon code?
0	how to become seller	How do I talk to the seller?
0	My membership level are not added	I want to cancel my membership
0	How do i upload photo in dispute?	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	I have to many problems with your buyers	your new buyers guide is too simple
0	I DONT NOT LIVE IN CHINA, I LIVE BRAZIL	I live in China. Is shipping free?
0	How do I add evidence or respond to my escalated dispute?	My order status is in dispute escalated. What can I do?
0	i am looking for a product	I am waiting for refund of one product
0	Hi. any progress for dispute?	When will I receive refund for dispute in progress?
1	i see that you don't help me.i can't wait more time	you dont answer my questions
1	how do i delete my account	How to delete my account?
0	Unable to upload image in the dispute	I was unable to make payment
1	Thanks for your feedback	thanks for your help
0	I have urgency, Eva	What's Eva mean?
0	I have new email	can i have your email
0	Ryley knows my problem	My order not accept for 404 problem
1	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
1	I need to talk to the online service.	I need speak to customer service
1	how to leave feedback to the seller	How can I leave poor rating for seller?
0	I just need a refund. I'm happy with this. Please pay the money.	I need some advise here please.
0	AND THAT I GOT A LANTERN BUT THE SELLER DOES NOT MEET MY MESSAGE!	I have received message that my order is cancelled due to seller is suspended
0	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	I bought from different sellers so my orders will be sent all together or not?
0	I request dispute	I am trying to request a refund from seller but states dispute is finished
1	can help me	is there somebody can help me
0	hello. i have submitted documentation to prove payment method but it will not allow me to buy. please unlock account	I open new account and they do not let me buy things here
0	I wanna see my tracking details	where can I get my refund details
0	no, i can not order anything	I cannot write anything in the box
0	The deadline has expired and I can not open a dispute	When can I open a dispute?
0	The promotion began, but why the price of product did not change	The product price is not changed
0	which account the refund money	I want my money back in my account
1	I want the helpline line or customer care no	Is there a support line i can call?
0	i give them time to do something	I want buy different products. How do I buy them together?
0	The address was right but said it was wrong. Why are you like this?	they send the order in a wrong address
1	i cant login my account	I cannot sign in my account
1	can u check this order for me?	you can check my order
0	can you find my order number	I cannot find my order number online
0	i cancelled my order with the seller already	I already paid for the order. Can you change the color?
1	upload video evidence.	How to add video in my dispute?
0	my order is not moving	My order is
1	how to delete orders	How can i delete my Awaiting Payment orders?
0	i want to pay with skrill	How do I pay with post pay?
0	hello, i have 3 cancelled orders and i still have not receive my order	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	hi i want to know refund status	I want to know about Bank Transfer refund
0	How do I get an order number before paying? Seller wants to change the price.	My supplier wants me confirm delivery before order is received
0	You can not talk about the subject of the seller! You'll get my imail.	can I ask you about the
0	hello what is the difference between frame and no frame? can i hang "no frame" on the wall or is it just the actual canvas attached to nothing, like a poster?	What is difference between Blue Form and Green Form?
0	how do I cancel account	How do I cancel a dispute?
1	How do I know whether my order has been shipped	Whether my order was shipped?
0	reached out last week about an item i ordered last week which i wanted change	Why I cannot see my last orders?
1	how do i confirm the order?	How can I confirm the delivery?
0	it's my third time	There is no information for my shipment at this time.
0	order has been cancelled by credit card	Why order is still being verified after payment by credit card?
0	What is select coupon	cannot use Select Coupon
1	I ordered tea bags in November	i have already ordered an item
0	I spoke with you yesterday	I love you.
1	Hello, please help me ASAP	Could you please help me?
0	never mind this suck I will order at light in the box	Can I use my P.O box for receiving an order?
1	I cannot pay with my Mastercard.	I cannot pay by Visa or MasterCard
0	change order details	What are product details?
0	I don't see what to clock	I don't know how to use it.
1	do you ship to iran?	which countries do you ship to
0	Hello, I have tried several times to pay and every time I fill the card information and click pay the website tells me there has been and error. I have tried around five times now and it just says that there may be something wrong with the information but	I am having trouble becoming a member, I have tried several times.
0	how do i see coupon	How do I delete coupon?
0	The products received are not what I have agreed	i am in
1	cannot place an order?	Why I cannot place order?
0	so i was buying a case	Why you give so much time for the supplier about my case?
0	how to respond on dispute	How do I respond to the seller message?
0	is the dispute for redemption does not work	Payment does not work
0	how to set shipping method	How can I change shipping method?
0	trouble logging in	I am having trouble creating an account
1	are a live person	are you a live person
0	Cancelled Orders what is meaning	When will I receive a refund if the orders have been cancelled?
1	How can I refund my money back?	How can I have the refund?
0	how to delete my card	How do I delete My order list?
1	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	The seller does not answer me about my order
0	I just wrote my query	I sent a query but no response
0	how to open a dispute	The open dispute button is blocked.
0	I am trying to buy an item with a $50 store promo coupon but when i go to pay it says i do not have any coupons although i clicked on the coupon mutiple time	I have a coupon, I do not know how to use when paying new order
0	There is no button to click	I click open dispute button but it does not work
1	how do I cancel dispute?	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	A product does not match and does not work	Why does not TradeManager work?
0	i am having problems sending my id	I am having trouble authorization to access my account
1	hmmmmm okay thanks	Many thanks to Eve
1	cant speak to live chat	I want live chat?
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	too many searching results
0	want to delete your profile?	how to delete off your order
0	do you want watch voor me	Do you miss me?
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	I want to cancel an order.
0	i have forgot my password	I want to reset my password have not got the email
0	and its cost me in my health already	I paid for my order already, but no message from my bank
0	I can't write English	I'll write in English
0	question and answer	The seller is not answer me
0	i'm live in india so how much time to i get product?	how can i get to live chat
0	hi, How to resume the dispute? i am travelled and dispute was closed	I have a dispute order that has been closed.
1	can you send goods to iran?	can you send package to my country?
0	how to respond on the escalated dispute	How long should I wait till I get answer about escalated dispute?
0	I have made many orders with other suppliers and they have all been very serious in their work	do you have any e mail address
0	A couple of weeks ago I searched for NASA shirts in the store, back then it had many results. But now it has no results. How can I find those products again?	How can I do if there is too many results?
0	Explain to me how can I cancel the cancellation. I do not need to return the money. Have the order of draw.	I have to return my order but I need the return address
0	did not receive my order and the seller is not responding back	My order did not have a receipt
0	I already gave it but it says accept it but I did not receive my refund since I accept a refund without return of merchandise	I want to accept the solution of partial refund
0	i am trying to open a dispute but my attachment isn't loading	I am trying to request a refund from seller but states dispute is finished
1	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	i need to speak to an agent
0	How do I use a coupon or discount	How do I use Select Coupon?
1	Turkey is above 30 euros from property taxes to Drews can be a measure of how you will	How much taxes to pay?
0	I can not find Manage Feedback in the app	Can I extend feedback time?
1	how can I'm get my Refund	How can I get a refund?
1	can help me	can your company help me
0	how to use store coupon	How do I use the store number to purchase?
0	Hi!I have ordered an item and the amount was charged twice	i have already ordered an item
0	how do I get my order number	How do I change my phone number?
0	Verify email address	Why did I fail to verify my email address?
1	my order no. is	this is my order
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	how can you understand me
1	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	do I have to pay any taxes to the Brazilian customs
0	so how to do it &gt;	It is so difficult.
0	i have a appeal in process	Oh i have a problem
0	Hello, i made an order on 20th of April	I made purchase but they closed my order.
0	do you want watch voor me	Do you watch news?
0	just want to know exchange sizes	I want to know
0	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	Where can I check my old orders?
0	is there any extra charges for refund	if I use Mastercard to pay do I need to pay any charges?
0	I ordered a necklace 52 days ago but But it still did not come to me	How many days will a refund come?
1	can I change size	I want to change size
1	i cannot pay for my item	Why can't I pay my order?
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	How can I delete TradeManager from my desktop?
1	Visa credit card	Will visa master credit card work
0	I'd like to know about extra fee. What is it? How can I use?	can i know about it please
0	I would like to make a payment via bank slip which procedure I am not finding the desired option	Would like to know which site do I track my order?
0	how to find an order number	How do I find past order?
1	Unable to sign for an account	I am unable to sign in
0	I have not received the shipment	I have received partial order
0	hello i am just wondering if i'm on the right site. i sign up for the affiliate program but i am a bit confuse, i do not see anywhere i can get a link to post to my website	I just received my order and I am not happy with it.
0	i have contacted the seller several times and even this morning and they are not helping me out	I want to have several orders shipped together to me
0	I tried to get help a long time ago for this problem and gave up buying from this site, There are some things I want to buy. If you help me I can buy from the website. If you keep not helping me I cannot buy from the website ever. Please put your boss on t	I want to buy several products from same seller
1	i want to ship the order in china	I want my order to be delivered in China. Is it possible?
1	how to use bank transfer?	Can I use bank account to transfer money?
0	how to add video to my dispute	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	You haven't signed in, or your previous session has expired. Please sign in again.	Can you please tell me your email address
1	how can i trust seller	Can I trust seller without reviews?
0	need Artificial services	need assistance with
0	I canceled my order without giving cargo but could you help my param still not getting into the account?	i want to thank you for getting my money back
1	How can I contact customer service	How can i contact a customer support in person via phone?
0	saying i didn't communicate	I got a message saying internet connection problems
0	i got refund Proposal and i can't confir, it	I have not got my refund that was approved
0	Hi. any progress for dispute?	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
1	How can I confirm delivery once I have received my order	I have received my order, how to confirm?
0	can you find my order number	How can I find my tracking number?
0	my account is not working	Why my tracking code is not working?
1	i see that you don't help me.i can't wait more time	you dont get what i say to you
0	the seller just said that need to wait some days.	I need some information
0	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	Can I pay my order with my Brazilian credit card?
0	Ryley knows my problem	I have problem with my order
0	Hello I need to reset my password before I can add a card	How can I reset my security question?
0	How to edit on dispute	How do I edit my account?
0	before placing order	My supplier wants me confirm delivery before order is received
1	you're a computer?	does this automatically computer answer
1	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	I just placed an order but did not receive a confirmation
0	My orders are getting canceled..	Why does my order keep getting closed after payment?
0	May I know if how will I be able to delete my account?	may i know support email
0	i have ordered but they have been cancelled	I have been charged twice
1	would like to talk to a person	Ask a real person to talk to me!
1	Ich use invoices.	How can I get my shopping invoices?
0	I don't know English	I don't know how to use it.
1	can i talk to a customer service team	need to talk to someone from customer service
1	payment support team	email on support
0	where I can see my coupon page?	where can I see the list of my purchase
0	how do I undo the dispute so that they get paid?	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
0	BUT THE ARTICLE IS ALREADY IN PORTUGAL	Boleto payment already done
0	Can you tell me when will I order my order Me 2017-05-22 12:05 hello I have already written twice that you have not received my order. And you have cheated twice	why have you confirmed my order when i have opened a dispute?
1	how to use buyer protection	How does Buyer Protection protect payment?
0	The package was delivered in another direction according to what was commented with personnel of my locker	I want my order to be delivered in China. Is it possible?
0	I was paying with the American card and I already put 2 times the information on the card and the payment was not processed as the message tells me there was an error	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
1	i have done done all tracking	I have a problem on the order tracking
0	change order details	How do I change my bank details?
0	which account the refund money	Can I use bank account to transfer money?
0	The shipment ME requested did not come as it was replaced by another product	the company did not give me a refund even though I sent the product back.
0	so please you can help me	so nobody help me
0	how to exchange coins	How do I exchange for another color?
0	and then the item would disappear from my cart	I cannot add the item to my cart
0	I canceled after payment	I received an email saying my order was canceled for lack of payment
0	i ordered a phone. its broken	is there a phone no i can call
1	I want to talk with human	I want to get human
0	After the dispute was opened the seller reassured me that it will arrive	I opened a dispute and the seller did not respond, the dispute was closed.
0	and i can;t check the tracking	Can you give me china post air mail contact number to check my tracking number?
0	Hello, my credit card expiration has expired and I can not find anywhere where the new card data can be overwritten. Could you help me?	I saved my credit card but I need to replace it with a new one
0	Can you tell me when will I order my order Me 2017-05-22 12:05 hello I have already written twice that you have not received my order. And you have cheated twice	I have sent my damaged order back to the supplier, can you refund me fully?
0	but i am after this period	i am in
0	can I use visa card then. If so how could I add the card to the information	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
0	where is my product	Where is my inbox
0	Change phone number	Is there a phone number to call to speak with an agent?
0	How do I exchange coins for coupon	How do I exchange for another color?
0	How can I do?	How can I do if there is too many results?
0	need to log into my account	you are not authorized to log into this account
0	how to check feedback?	How to check if I have refund or not?
0	how do I extend buyer protection?	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
0	where d0 i get my 20%	Why I have not received my refund after more than 20 working days?
1	I only paid the same order twice	I paid 2 times for the same order. What can I do?
0	ship back address	Can I arrange to ship a product to an address in China?
0	I want to do shopping how to buy	Are orders come all together?
0	yes, I keep trying to pay but it wont work	I have tried to pay for this order with a business card and keep getting declined
0	so can't do bank payment if t	you didn't really help me so i will try another way
0	how to remove card	how to remove old orders on my page?
0	Because my order never gets in hold always goes to paid instantly	you never returned my money
0	I do not know why my card is not working.	I want to know why my credit card is charged before orders received
0	I have an issue	What can I do for coupon issue?
1	I'd like to know why some products or no longer available	Sorry, this item is no longer available!
1	how do i change my profile?	How do I edit my profile?
0	How can I add paypal	How many products can I add to Wish List?
0	how do I remove my credit card details	How do I change my bank details?
0	no i can't follow my order	I can't submit evidence to my case
0	From this store, How to find the product ship from USA	Why can not I find the product in a store?
1	how do i upload a photo?	How can I upload the file?
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	I am getting an error message when making my credit card payment.
0	how to response in my dispute case	I wonder if there is any response for my escalated dispute.
1	Don't remember account login name and password, how to operate can I find my account name and password?	I do not remember my id name
0	is the dispute for redemption does not work	My TradeManager does not work
1	Hello, I cancelled my order. How long does it take to get my money back?	Order was cancel, how long it will take for the money to get back on my credit card?
0	Escalate Judgement from AE	Why no escalate button?
0	how to open a dispute	It is impossible to open dispute.
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	I was told that I was going to get a full refund but they only refunded me $10
0	add videos on dispute	add to wish list
1	I cannot open a dispute	I cannot open dispute without photo.
0	How do I get a coupon back	how do I get a refund? I sent the product back.
0	I am still not able to pay my orders	I am still waiting for my refund
0	I placed an order last week for a phone screen	I would like to delete my feedback for my last order
0	i have contacted the seller several times and even this morning and they are not helping me out	I want to buy several products from same seller
0	i know this	I want to know
0	I brought a wig and they said they done have the inches I put in for now need my money back put they done want send me my money	My order is cancelled and I want my money back.
0	I've ordered something and tomorrow it's been 3 weeks and he's still not help me	I just ordered something but I want to change the name for the receiver
0	now haven't received payment returned	Has payment for this order been received?
0	I can not make a dispute	Can I make several wish lists?
1	Are there other ways to pay	Can I pay the order with other payment methods, such as PayPal?
0	I bought a product that was sent by China Post Registered Air Mail and the 20 days does not receive update how do I contact the service?	I just bought a product and need it to be sent to a different address
0	are we corresponding	error occurred when we processed the refund
0	i just sent a post	I just placed an order
0	need to know how I will receive my full amount of my dispute, seller only want to give me $15,00	I want to know about money back amount
1	I have not received my order..?	i have been placed my order and have not received it
0	I had placed an order for 17 items and I received two things and the rest of the orders got cancelled as payment was not made. But the money for all the 17 items have been taken from my bank.	My money has been taken out from my bank but I did not get confirmation
0	where I can see my coupon page?	I did not see my order. Where is it?
0	please i need to file for an appeal	I need email address please
0	Is there anyone who can help me with my credit card?	My credit card is overcharged
0	my order was processed without me confirming payment details	Why does it take so long before my payment is processed?
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	I ordered 5 pieces but only received 3
0	there is no link to click	accidentally click sellers solution
0	i need you to open dispute	i need to know if you take mastercard?
0	Good morning, I would like to know how to be an affiliate and sell the products	I would like to know how can I pay for an item?
0	It has been almost half a year!	The order has not been paid
0	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	What can I do if the order finished when I return the goods?
1	pay as one	How do I pay at one time?
0	i want to cancel my credit card	I want my refund to another credit card
0	how to block notification	Will I get notification of refund?
1	add new address	How do I add another shipping address?
0	seller have other behavior	I have paid seller offline
0	where is the "here?"	Where are the store?
0	can you ship out with 1 days shipping?	can you ship to california
0	buyer protection time notification	buyer protection commission
1	how to find a product	Can you help me find the product on the site?
0	So please delete my new account.	Please help verify my account
0	I forgot the login account id and password, what should I do?	I forgot password of my added card. What should I do?
0	I placed some orders last night and it decreased from my credit card but now it shows closed, why	Why will I receive some emails regard my order is closed?
0	ok the get lost	The seller said that the goods lost.
0	A long time ago I forgot what my password was. I tried to get somebody to help me bust nobody would. I stopped buying things from the website.	i tried to reset password but did not work
0	why delivery period increased	what to do if I missed the opening dispute period?
1	I will ask something	can i ask you something
0	I'd like to know about extra fee. What is it? How can I use?	I would like to know about the Confirm Order Received button
0	I made a purchase. It wasn't processed so the funds are being refunded. But I would like to use those same funds for another purchase without having them sent back to my bank as I've overdrawn the account for the month. Is it possible to keep the f	I made purchase but cannot locate it.
0	how to report your seller	How to report IPR infringement?
1	I want a human!	I need a human assistant
1	Good morning, Eva. It is possible to verify a request made by me because DHL did not identify my purchase by the tracking code.	Why my tracking number is not good?
0	I want to appeal your judgment.	I want to sell your products
0	I forgot my password I can not retrieve it and I can not connect because my mail already exists	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	so i was buying a case	How can I ensure I am not buying falsification?
1	cancel order after payment when I get refund??	If I cancel my order will I get a refund?
1	I want a live chat	how do I chat with a live person
1	The item I ordered is faulty it broke a piece of my car on first use	I have been sent a faulty item
0	I want to cancel the extra shipping charge for the item I bought.	I want to know what items I bought last time
1	I have opened dispute for my order one week ago but I can't see any result. What is going on? The status is "Dispute in Progress". How long it shoul take? Thank you.	I have opened dispute one month ago and I am still waiting for your response.
0	how to add photo	How to add product to Wish List
0	what time is it?	what is delivery time to my country
0	where do I find the shopping cart	Where do I find discount coupons?
0	Hi there, I'm trying to view a product I ordered but I don't have access	I don't have more questions
1	My dispute was refused. The item does not work. I bought a few of the items which is supposed to let you charge your iPhone 7 and plug in ear buds at the same time. It does not work, there is no audio when you plug in the ear buds. You need to tell your ve	The product I bought it does not work
0	I placed an order and a dispute was opened and still haven't got my refund for over a month now.	I opened dispute and they agreed on refunding my money
0	were in my elemnt i purchase	I paid my purchase but it was saying that there was no payment
0	hello, i have 3 cancelled orders and i still have not receive my order	I have orders cancelled for a suspicious seller
0	I don't have a real payment problem.	I don't know.
0	Eva, I have not received shipping and tracking info on my order. I also have messaged the seller 2 times within the last few days and have not received a reply.	I have not received an email confirming my order
0	do you need order numbers?	Please enter english and or numbers only
0	but i am after this period	what to do if I missed the opening dispute period?
0	how to search good seller	How do I search for it?
0	have sent an email with my passport and credit card photos	Somebody used my credit card.
0	the seller has promised me to receive the items within 25 days now more than 30 days and i still not receive the order i want a full refund as he promised since more than 25 days already passed	Why I have not received my refund after more than 20 working days?
1	is there somebody?	is there somebody can help me
0	the buyer is refusing to replace damage order	Buyer does not respond
0	how can I file for an appeal	I need to file a complaint against a seller.
0	will My goods arrive directly to my hand or do I have to go to customs ofice	The parcel is on the hand of the customs, how can I make the clearance?
0	put order in the cart	Why I put stuff in my cart but now they are gone?
0	I want to send an order, but the system is busy. What should I do?	what should i do?
0	i haven't received any of my orders yet and i ordered in April	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	wrong email address	My order was sent to the wrong address, what to do?
0	i am looking for a product	i am confused as to who i am speaking with
0	I placed an order and cancelled but I was deducted	I paid for my order but the payment is unsuccessful and my money was deducted
0	How to add a card to my account	I want to add my address in my account
0	We are receiving an error saying that the "Bank has declined our payment"	Sign in error. Error code: 83. Please contact our Service Team.
0	can u trace for me right now	Are u kidding with me?
0	i have a credit card appeal	I have put some items in the cart by mistake
0	how to file payment appeal?	How to file a claim?
1	I had placed an order for 17 items and I received two things and the rest of the orders got cancelled as payment was not made. But the money for all the 17 items have been taken from my bank.	I placed an order and items received were not as described
0	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	The seller does not answer. What to do?
0	hi, nice to meet you	You are a nice girl.
0	i dont want to cancel	i dont speak english good
1	how can I leave a feedback	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	what will happen when I open a dispute	I have escalated dispute. What will happen?
1	Okay thank you help I appreciate that have a nice day thanks	Have a nice day.
0	shipping in Iran	is shipping free
1	how to open dispute for completed orders	Open Dispute for completed orders
0	My order has been retained in the Portuguese customs, I need a proof of purchase, invoice, receipt, how can I do?	How do I know that my order has been sent?
0	extend buyer protection.	Is buyer protection free?
1	Did not pay back	I canceled the order but I still did not get money back
0	How to leave feedback on App?	When can I leave feedback?
1	What if I don't like the way the dress fits or it is the wrong size? Can I return it for a refund?	how can i return the product and get a bigger size
1	I want to talk with a person	can i have a person to talk to
0	Mail Identifier does not match what I see here	What guarantees do I have for buying here?
0	how do i appeal my payment?	How do I get my payment verified?
0	why can i search for sex products on app	How can I search the products on your home page?
1	I sent my documents	Did you receive my verification documents?
0	Where can you send me the address	can you tell me your email address?
0	the chat button does not work	Payment does not work
0	how to upload photo	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
1	The seller is not responding me	The seller do not answer me
0	I speak slowly because I use google translate	i want to speak with the seller
0	i ordered pokemon cards there fake	can I pay by 2 cards
0	Good Morning. I did all procedure of refund of the request, because of the delay in arriving, but now in the morning the request has just arrived at my house. What procedure to proceed now. The refund is not yet in my account, can I cancel the refund and c	What can I do if the seller refuse my refund request?
0	The time of my order arrives is over, will I have the refund?	I have been over charged
0	how to delete items in wish list	How long can item stay in wish list?
1	ok...I have a question for you	do you have an answer on my question
0	My orders are getting canceled..	Need to pay for my order, keep getting an error msg.
0	I want to collect the order in the cart.	How do I collect my goods?
1	Is cash on delivery option is available?	Can i get my product on cash on delivery?
0	i dont want to cancel	I want to cancel a purchase.
1	Reminder: The seller did not provide a return address. You will receive your refund as requested. As your case has been resolved in your favor, a full refund will be delivered to your original account within 3-20 working days. For more details please conta	refund has not been received. has been more than 10 days
0	Can you look into my issue?	Can you be my girlfriend?
0	how do i see coupon	How do I use the coupon I got?
1	how to use coupon	How do I use the coupon I got?
0	you hopeless piece of shit	The minimum order is one lot, but I only need one piece
0	Unable to create an account	How do I create my account?
0	turn me back to operator	I have sent my damaged order back to the supplier, can you refund me fully?
0	how to see buyer protection	How much should I pay for the buyer protection commission?
1	i want to return	I want to return item for a refund
0	good day I made a purchase 6 months ago and did not arrive the seller says he had problems with customs. but it has not solved me neither the refund nor the product I need help since he does not answer me	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
0	were can i find the barcode	I can not find the button Confirm Order Received"
0	save for later	I want to save shipping cost by sending my packages together. Is that possible?
1	Can I be connected to a live operator, please.	Can I speak with a live person?
0	I dont see my question and Im just trying to make a order but your website is not responding	I'm tired to play with your stupidity but answer my question!
0	its less than 20	Why the parcel is not traced for more than 20 days?
1	The order is now closed on the request of the seller, and then I paid but never received my order.	I paid but not received order
0	can not login my account	Why can not I have my account disabled?
1	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	I have paid by Bank Transfer. Why the order status has not changed?
0	my order was not updated in one month	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
1	what is escrow fee	What do you mean I will charge fee?
0	i have not received my order.	I want to confirm that I have received my order
1	What is my order?	What is the problem in my order
0	how to extend buyer protection time	How much should I pay for the buyer protection commission?
1	I have registered with an incorrect email address	I joined with an incorrect email address.
0	My products from the above order did not arrive, how do I?	How do I get a refund if the product did not arrive?
0	but i had a problem with the seller regarding to Accessories. after hearing that problem i spoke wtih BEA AND DOREEN. they assured me to speak with the seller. so, untill i do not know what is going on.	What problem have I encountered?
1	I NEED A FUCKING AGENT	I want to talk with an agent
0	someone else know vietnamese?? I wanna oder	can someone else help me?
0	i dont remember which one i used	i dont speak english
0	can't view order	When I receive email with my order i click on it but it say i can not view
0	i don't receive my order	I don't want to speak with a robot.
0	No, it is impossible to send mail	I get an email that a new mail has arrived
0	manage my shopping cart	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
0	When will I get the parcel?	when can i get the answer of my question
1	I want to chat with a real human	i need a real human
1	how to change currency in pkr.	I want to change currency
0	i want to know my refund payment status	I want to know my order status.
0	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	i want to close a request
0	how do i appeal my payment?	How do I get a copy of my payment?
1	no paypal account? at visa card on	Can I use my PayPal account for payment?
0	i disputing refunds. but delete order list	I cannot find it in my order list
0	how to reset my account password	i tried to reset password but did not work
0	i cancelled an order and i need my money to go back on my card immediately	i have not received my order and i want my money back
1	Seller change shipping method from China Post Registered Air Mail to China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus, without my permision so I can not international track package	the seller promised me EMS delivery, but sent China post
0	i need to know the way to use it... like credits or something	Can I know something about China here?
0	sorry My credit card data	Why the amount on my credit card was deducted twice?
0	cancel awaiting for payment	I make payment by Bank Transfer. Why it still shows Awaiting Payment?
1	how can I check order number	How to find the order number?
0	That was 3 days ago. Prior to that everyone keeps telling me the same thing that I will receive an email within 24hr and my verification will be expedited.	How many days I will receive my order?
0	Every time I try to pay the order that I have placed, I get an error saying that for "security reasons" the payment could not be executed. How can this be solved?	How can I pay for my entire order with one payment?
0	i cancelled an order and i need my money to go back on my card immediately	The goods are defective. I want my money back immediately.
0	Where I can find an information for a refused dispute	Where can I find the commercial invoice?
0	i give them time to do something	How do I pay all at same time?
0	So who will provide a answer	This is not the answer
1	i want to know when i will get money back. I got an email stating that seller agrees to refund	My transaction was closed. When can I get the money back?
0	kinds of payment method	Why there is no Boleto payment method?
0	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	The seller is offline. What can I do?
0	feedback is not showing	The coupon offered on this item is not showing at check out
0	I'd like to cancel my order.	My status in this verify payment, and I would like to cancel the order
0	How do I get coupons or discounts	How do I add coupons to my order?
0	How to contact the seller	How to get seller coupons?
0	how to advance search	How do I search with product ID?
0	I have problem viewing the site	I have a problem with payment
0	how to change coins to coupon	How to use a coupon in order?
0	Please, the term of the purchase protection is over, can you return my money? Do I have to wait for the dispute? The error was in sending the site, the merchandise was not sent to Brazil. Thank you.	I want to return money. I can not wait so long.
0	change my credit card number	my courier change the shipping address
0	hello by mistake I have received my product, but I have not received it yet	An account already exists with the E-mail you submitted
0	r u idiot?	how r u
0	I just read that you rejected my appeal!	can you read
1	how to contact your seller	I want to contact seller.
0	I had not receive my merchandise	Why I had an order canceled?
1	I am very dissatisfied with this automatic help service. I need a real person	can i talk to a real person?
0	When i pay for an item in the shopping cart, you already have my credit card details saved, I'm not happy with that.	Can I pay in installments on my credit card?
0	I purchased an iteam yesterday and i have been charged the iteam which is showing on my credit card statement am trying to find out why when i go into my purchase history is not showing the order number or tracking number	Why my order is not showing?
0	how to check order number	I checked my credit card but there is no any payment
0	My received was hold in the customs	My product received is not working
0	i have to send back the item back to china	I sent my item back
0	My order is very late, and the vendor do not reply my messages	How long can the vendor wait to approve my cancellation
0	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	I confirmed order received by mistake.
0	put order in the cart	I put items in cart but I cannot find them.
0	you can't help me you are a computer	Can you help me to contact the supplier?
0	appeal for dispute	I cancel a dispute, can I reopen dispute?
1	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	The seller does not want to return the money for the products of inadequate quality.
0	I have no visa card and debit card	I have problems paying with visa debit card
0	Can I pay to an account? maybe they can give it to me	talk to me
0	I think I double ordered. I need to cancel one of the orders	I need cancel an order but the seller still not cancel.
0	how to find reliable seller	How to find a table of sizes
0	my shipment is cancelled	When will I get my shipment?
0	Cancelled Orders is showing order list means	What does The supplier has partially shipped your order" means?"
0	you can reactivate a canceled order?	Why you canceled my order?
0	how to get the order number?	How do I get photos without store number?
0	How do I get a refund?	how do I send a paypal mailbox to get refund from seller
0	You're a robot?	are you robot or human?
1	how do i set shipping address?	How do I add shipping address?
1	How to add video to the dispute?	How to attach the video to the dispute?
0	after hpw much days i received my product my country is pakistan i got my tracing number 2 days before	I have not got any confirmation after I paid for my order
0	My product did not come. the time is over.	My processing time is over and I want to extend.
0	Hello, when i access "my orders", i'm seeing that 3 products were ordered in double.	i ordered some products and received a size smaller.
0	how to place order without paying it?	How can I use shopping cart to place order?
0	you are not giving me right answer :I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	I turned to you with a problem and you do not answer me!?
1	how to use paypal	Do you use PayPal?
0	How to return back the item	How long do I have to return a package back?
0	in my refund status there is not showing s 'Dispute	My order is showing Fund Processing
0	its not a chat now button	I pressed Pay Now button 3 times. What can I do?
1	are you computer?	are you a computer or do you get my Question?
0	how to chance shipping method?	How is PayPal used as a refund method?
1	i just want my fucking password	I forget my account password
1	I sent my documents	I already sent the documents but no one process
1	Not yet shipped	The delivery is not yet arrived
1	i cannot pay using bank transfer	How do I pay by Bank Transfer?
1	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	Why my account was disabled?
0	how do I get the order number	How do I add a PO number to my order,
0	Can I buy without a mobile?	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
0	do you need order numbers?	how do you delete an old order
1	I don't have a tracking number. I am trying to place an order	I am trying to place an order and for some reason it does not let me
0	Yes, it's on the way but it takes 3 weeks	yes i need your help
0	Hi Eva! I need to delete my old credit card and register my new credit card	I need to change my credit card details.
0	my orders are doubled how do I start over	How do I start payment?
0	Sorry I think I explained it wrong I received the jacket and it's medium normally that's the size I wear but when I put on it was small and I need to get it changed two large size	What size do I need to get?
0	I am not satisfied with dispute result. What can I do?	I am not authorized to see account, what can I do?
1	My app coins are not added. What can I do?	What can I do with the coins?
0	where do I find the shopping cart	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
0	i have a appeal in process	i have a dispute with the seller
0	hello, on april 29th i bought 2 different products. one i already received and one says the delivery was unsuccessfully. can you tell me what it means?	how can I find what I recently bought from you?
0	i need online chat	I cannot find my order number online
0	You cannot help me	will you help me or what?
0	no that is not what im asking	Im having problems with this order
1	It turns out that I received the order but it was in poor condition. It's deteriorated. Sorry for my writing, but I do not know English and I'm using a translator.	I received item with very bad condition
0	I filed a dispute a few days ago and the seller concluded the dispute with a refund because I had not received the item within 60 days	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
0	How do I remove my email address	How to verify my email address?
0	how to open a dispute?	how to cancel an open dispute?
1	So i contact the seller i want my money back	I want money back
0	i did not receive the products	I did not receive the instruction book
0	How do I delete orders?	How do I delete coupon?
0	i cannot log into my account!!	How can I log out my account?
1	Can you talk to a human being?	Can I talk with you?
0	how to change price	How do I get price in Indian currency?
0	I want for the seller to adjust the price with no shipping but I need the order in hold for them to fixed	I have a problem with the seller, and I want to contact them.
0	can't leave feedback	When can I leave feedback?
0	I am a victim of a scam	i am in
0	one package for the order	Can I order just one item for my personal use?
0	I want clear out one of my account, name is "je"	I want to change my name
0	I want to shipped all of my order	I want to clean all my order
1	how to reach the payment service team?	customer service team email
0	I can't change my shipping name	Can I change my shipping company?
0	replace card information	Where is product information?
0	to ask someone for my order	Can you ask someone about replacement?
0	I'm having trouble canceling my account.	I am having trouble with one seller. What can I do?
0	I have not opened disputes, as the sellers told me not to	Seller told me that I could reopen the dispute
0	I would like a tracking number, how do I get one?	I would like to change my review on one seller. How can I do that?
0	im trying to figure out why order was cancelled	Im having problems with this order
0	I can not make an order	Can I make payments with PayPal?
1	I haven't received my order yet and it lasts too long	not received order yet
1	I check my bank and my money is not refund yet	I did not get refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will return money?
0	hi, i have some problems with an cancelled order	I have some problems with my account
0	cannot contact seller	the seller is gone i cannot find him
1	how to pay local currency	Can I have local currency?
0	The seller is a cheater!	There is no rating for the seller
0	Where can you click?	I wonder if there is a limit to where you will not pay taxes?
0	how to add additional feedback in mobile	How to add a contact on TradeManager?
0	how to reset account passwords	How can I reset my security question?
0	I don't have my two orders. The tracking says delivery failed. I want refund.	i want to pay with two cards
0	can i know my payment status	I want to know the status of my dispute
0	i received an item today that I have been issued a refund. how can I pay now?	If I place an order today, can I have it tomorrow?
1	how to cancel escalated dispute	dispute escalated but i received the goods. how to close it
0	so? i can;t	I do not have visa card so how can I buy?
0	i have a cuestion	I have a wonderful day.
0	You're saying same things. The buyer protection has ended. I didn't receive my order.	i didn't ask you that
0	how to reach the payment service team?	how many days will it take to reach the destination
0	seller want to make a full refund but he can not do it because time is past	What can I do if the seller refuse my refund request?
0	I want to send an order, the beer system is busy. What should I do?	What should I do if I do not get the verification link?
1	I want to talk to a man.	I need help man.
0	Why my order is not moving ahead	why my order is frozen
0	Hello I would like to know I have 3 coupons but I do not know how much is worth in franc thank you	What is 3-D Secure Code?
0	How to verify your account	How do you verify the legitimacy of your companies?
0	I want to shipped order all at once	I cannot order many items at once
0	how to file complaint	How can I upload the file?
1	hi,I have a question. how I can send my item to china?	How can I ship to China?
1	add new address	How can I add my shipping address?
0	why are you not answering corret: go to hell	Why you are here?
0	FEW MINTS I GIVE ORDER BUT I GIVE MONEY HAND TO HAND	How do I give feedback?
1	No speak english	dont speak english
1	I finished dispute	Why my order is closed for Dispute Finished?
0	how to open a dispute'	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
1	Sorry, your transaction did not pass verification due to security reasons. The transaction has been closed.	Your order has been cancelled for security reasons.
0	For example this store, How to find the item ship from USA	how to delete a store from favorite store?
1	good night thank you	Thank you for your help.
0	i need helper	I need some information
0	I received a product but there's not "confirm receiving'' button.	I received a defective product
0	Nie to meet you too	i am clever too
0	I haven't even been able to place the damn order	How do I place an order?
0	how can i change my credit card details	How do I revise my dispute details?
1	i am very upset	I feel upset.
0	buyer protection has ended	buyer protection commission
0	you don't understand me	why don't you have customer care number
1	please give phone number customer service i have problem paying for 2 days know	How to have a phone number please?
0	i talk with saller and he say me for whait this 69 days for he resolved my question	my supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	How do I use Select Coupon?	How do I select currency?
0	luffy can I have the address or direction puffy gave me yesterday	How can I access and read feedback the seller gave to me?
1	return shipping address of the seller	I have no return address
0	Nooooo please get a supervisor that understand this please	Please tell me how I can get coupons.
0	add new address	I would like my product to be deliver at a new address
0	add credit card information	where to upload credit card statement
1	what do you mean u cant help	you cant help me
0	cannot contact seller	I cannot send any messages to any seller.
1	I can't make my payment via Mastercard, it keep showing me 'system error'. What should I do?	I cannot use my Visa card. What should I do?
0	My dispute is taking too long, why?	Why is my shipment taking so long?
0	Hello, I want to open a dispute, but I can not upload photos or video	When can I open dispute?
0	why is my dispute invalid	Why my account number is invalid?
0	need to check my order	How do I check where my order is?
0	I want to pay,	I want to pay in other currency.
0	i cannot add a credit card to the account	Why I cannot make the payment with credit card?
0	There was a problem with an order I received so I sent the store 4 messages about the problem beginning last Thursday. I haven't heard back from them yet. Is that normal?	I have a problem with this order
0	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	Seller does not respond to my refund request
0	hello. how i can ask the seller for the bill for my company	How can I ask for a model of my product?
0	It has been almost half a year!	my order has been frozen?
0	link open a dispute	There is no option to open a dispute in this order.
1	why my order was cancelled?	My order was cancelled. What is the problem?
1	how to delete items in wish list	How do I delete items in my wish list?
0	how can I open dispute	How can I open a dispute without an attachment
1	how to get boleto refund	I want refund via Boleto
0	I hope you understand what I said	I did not understand the way the money will be refund
1	please can u give mave ur number to call	what is the contact number i can call
0	mY CHAT ON 20.5.17 (IST) HASNT PRODUCED RESULTS AS PROMISED BY YOUR AGENTS.	Can I chat with my seller?
0	Hello, please help me ASAP	Please help me to track my order.
0	contacting the seller	i have a dispute with the seller
0	no paypal account? at visa card on	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	how to file payment appeal?	How can I upload the file?
1	my order status is closed wahy???	Why my order was closed?
1	no i can not hardly with customer attention	can i have the customer care hotline
0	verify the email	How do you verify the legitimacy of your companies?
0	Nice to know you.	you know nothing
0	i am not satisfied with the dispute	I am not able to attach a photo for a dispute
0	the payment write For security reasons this process can not be continued.	can you write in Italian?
0	Hi, how can I add photos on my feedbacks?	How can I add my home number in my registration?
1	how to add item to your wish list	add to wish list
0	how contact the seller	seller contact number
0	None of the above, the sellers each shipped my order to the wrong address. To two completely different addresses.	How do I purchase from different sellers and it shipped at the same time?
1	why don't you have a number where we can call YOU?	do you have a tel number?
0	change my credit card number	What is my tracking number?
1	change card information	How can I change my payment to another card?
1	how do I change shipping address	I would like to change shipping address and contact name. How can I do?
0	how to find a product?	I cannot see the product what media find
0	I sent my documents	I am unable to respond to an email sent from my seller?
0	How to edit on dispute	How do I edit my phone number?
0	i want to change my password	I want to reset my password have not got the email
1	you don't understand me	you do not understand
0	i want to know why i cannot send message to the vendors	Cannot see message that I sent out
0	I have emailed my documents 2 separate times and still my account is not Verified.	Why I was charged 2 times?
0	Hello, I 'm waiting for my appeal to be verified. How long will it take. The seller is already asking me what happened.	please tell me what happened to my items
1	Hi, I live in Canada and I'm currently tracking my package and the status says it has arrived in destination country but it says it is in Istanbul. Was my package sent to the wrong country?	order was sent to wrong destination country
0	What is my Wish List for	It will not save things to my wish list
0	how to find the seller's store	How do I use Store Numbers to find sellers?
1	How do I use a coupon or discount	How do I use my $10 coupon?
0	how can I get sellers address	How can I get a sample?
0	what was that	what to say
0	I dont understand	I have to buy product, do not understand the size
1	I can not upload videos or photos to the dispute	I cannot upload attachment.
0	No how to modify the mobile phone number?	How do I modify dispute?
0	i am not able see dispute history	Why I am not able to place an order?
1	they suggested me to wait for a while for the conformation	Why is my payment being verified again while it has been confirmed?
0	i opened a dispute and the seller is stalking me	Could you tell me the process of my dispute?
0	where is my product	Where is my messages?
1	good night thank you	thank you for your time
1	sorry but you do not help me	you cant help me
0	NET PAYMENT CAN I MAKE	Can I make the payment in the local currency?
0	i want to ask my order	I want to ask for a refund
0	hi i want to know refund status	How do I know what the order status is
0	How do I use my email address in new account	How do I edit my email address?
0	how do i get coupons and discounts	How do I use my coupons?
0	how do i upload a photo?	i cannot upload a photo
0	seller has not ship my order	My order has been frozen due to suspicious seller activity
0	how to respond on the escalated dispute	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
0	Can I get payment receipt for orders of all sellers?	How can I pay all the orders and not separately?
0	so was it mistake that seller want me to confirm order what i have not?	I confirm order before I got it. What can i do?
1	reset account password	I forget my account password
0	can you answer my question?	Would it be possible you answer my question
0	refund in Mercado pago?	What is Fast refund?
1	how to get the order number	How to find the order number?
0	hello. i have submitted documentation to prove payment method but it will not allow me to buy. please unlock account	How can I prove that I have paid by bank transfer?
0	just want to know exchange sizes	I just want to place the order for one item instantly
1	remove card details	I want to remove my card details
0	I know that, it's not the first time. Can you just take a look to my order and tell me why the status is finished, but I don't have the items.	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
0	how to block a seller	How do I report a seller?
0	I am so angry	i am confused as to who i am speaking with
0	I made a purchase, send it to the wrong address, and it looks like it will return, how do I get my product	How can I get my purchase history?
0	please i need to file for an appeal	How do I file complaint?
1	My supplier is changing tracking number, but I can not track it. The promised to send package is 7 days, and posted wrong information that it is shipped. Actually they did not send it.	I cannot track my order using the tracking number provided. What can I do?
0	Why do you keep advertising me "Hot!!! USB Rechargeable Flameless Cigar Cigarette Electronic Lighter No Gas gadget White" etc which all say "cannot deliver to Finland? Why can not deliver to Finland?	Why it keep ask me to sign in when I make payment?
0	see above question	I have a question on refund.
0	this link is empty	Why there is no verification link in the email?
0	how to set the shipping address	How to set my password?
0	I can't get help from you	I hope you can help me
0	is your site secure	Why your site does not accept my address
1	Has it shipped?	I wonder if the goods I ordered has been shipped
1	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	What should I do when I am scammed by seller?
0	how do I extend buyer protection?	do you have buyer protection?
0	It seems an old appeal has resurfaced on my account. All the documentation has been submitted and the appeal was satisfied weeks ago. Can you please help me resolve this issue?	Please help resolve my order issues
0	Why did it say that I had my ordered parcel already in my post office, but it says that it's undeliverable, what is that supposed to mean? Will I get my parcel?	Why shipping company return my parcel?
0	how to find seller rating	How can I find my rating?
0	how to block a seller	How do I find a seller?
0	My account iz broken	The product is broken
0	i think my tracking number is a fake	I do not know my tracking number
0	How to response my dispute case	Dispute Case NO
1	need Artificial services	need a man
1	I want to talk with a person	can i talk to a real person?
1	how to confirm order	I have received my order, how to confirm?
0	Please pay attention to what is happening please...	Please tell me what my dispute status is.
0	how to add evidence to dispute?	how to add to my favorite
0	So who will provide a answer	please provide the status
1	please give phone number customer service i have problem paying for 2 days know	i need the customer service phone number
0	i am not able to see dispute option	I am not able to chat with sellers
0	Hi, I need support. I try to add a new credit card for payment, but after insert credit card data and confirm, I receive this message: "Oops, we failed to save your card due to system reason. Please try again later."	I am trying to pay with a Visa credit card but it keeps saying payment failed
0	wait. I want to get a free product for advertising on youtube	How can I get free shipping for the XXX
1	I canceled the order but have not yet refunded my money	The order is cancelled, but the money is not refunded
1	The promotion began, but why the price of product did not change	Why the promotion starts 2 days?
0	are you okay?	Are you available?
0	earn more about new features!	I want to know more about payment method.
0	yes i did multiple orders	How do I combine multiple orders in one dispatch?
0	How to change shipping address	How do I change the delivery address?
0	how can i add my product for sale	How can I add my shipping address?
1	I want a real person &amp; NOT a robot.	I want to talk to real person
1	What is an appeal?	Why I cannot find My Appeal?
0	I did not but anything	I have not received anything
0	add videos on dispute	How to add pictures to the dispute?
0	and until now I have had no answers	do you have any e mail address
0	shipping back fee	What is a international technology fee?
0	and reason is due to security reason they have suspended my account	Why it is closed for security reason?
0	I wanted to buy something and in the payment options, only creditcard is available	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	if my order product place in europe, and i want at it come to finland. Must i pay tax	I paid for my order but did not come
1	I want to place an order but I cannot	I want to place an order but I cannot
1	the time is over. The seller does not return and does not refund the money!	the seller does not want to approve refund
0	refund is stuck at processing	What is Payment Processing?
0	hello, i have a problem with my shipping address. why doesn't it agree that?	Why I have not gotten the shipping information for my order?
0	Hello I need to reset my password before I can add a card	Why can not I reset password?
0	how to remove ideal payment detail	How do I find the dispute detail page?
0	can I speak to a human being?	How can I find out how much money is being returned?
0	i bought something at store roy wang	can i ask you something
0	Can you talked to me	Can you earn money for me?
1	why feedback not display	Why I cannot see my feedback?
0	i want to ask my order	I want to ask you about this seller
0	Hi, I am not able to open my account	I am not able to open my Shopping Cart
0	order has been cancelled by credit card	I paid for an order but then it was cancelled. Seller has not refunded money.
0	i'm trying to complete my purchase do you accept discover credit card	I am trying to make my payment on my credit card
0	Can I ever report abuse of card usage?	How do I report abuse to feedback?
0	Could you please connect me with a real person?	Could you please help me?
0	but i am after this period	How can I extend the period of receiving the shipment?
0	I can't get help from you	how i get personal help
1	The seller refuses to refund or resend	what can I do if the supplier refuses to refund money
0	how to remove card	how to remove my order?
0	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	hello i need to ask about my order can you help?
0	I have tried three times and I am not getting any help	I am trying to sign in to my account for several times but I could not
0	Where can I find the search function photo search	Can I search by country?
0	Okay thank you help I appreciate that have a nice day thanks	I have a wonderful day.
0	i have still problem with sellers he did not accepted to refund me	My supplier told me he did not receive my payment.
0	All my orders has this note, and it seems like its not sending..	How can I pay all my orders with one payment?
1	I request the refund of this request, since I have not received	How do I request a refund?
1	How do I change size, shipping etc. of my order?	I want to change size in an order
1	password retrieval process	activate a new password
0	how can I get sellers address	How can I save sellers?
0	I do not want to cancel the order, I want you to respond with the product is possible?	I want to cancel presale order
0	how to open dispute in app	How to open dispute for completed order
1	The robot will not help me	so nobody help me
1	about my order	it's about my order
0	How do I cancel account?	How do I cancel feedback?
1	i want to change my password	I forgot my password
1	i need to speak with maria	I need speak to representative
1	Hello, I wish to know the status of my dispute	What is the status of my dispute?
0	Hello, i made an order on 20th of April	I made a duplicated order.
1	how to change your email address	I need change the email address.
0	Eva, I have not received shipping and tracking info on my order. I also have messaged the seller 2 times within the last few days and have not received a reply.	I have been charged 2 times for the same order.
0	Hello! Good night. I need your help for.. I can not issue a ticket to pay an account	I need some help with my account
0	But I have new email address	Why I have not received my confirmation email?
0	The tracking number doesn't update	How to view tracking number
0	need to have a developer account via API	I have a problem with my account
0	I forgot the security question	i forgot my account but i have orders
0	how to return item	Do I have to pay for wrong item return
0	My credit data has to be updated. How should I do it? can you guide me to do that please	can you tell me do my problem?
0	I put in for the authorization and it was approved but it still wont work	Why I enter it, it say I have no authorization to sign in?
0	It turns out that I received the order but it was in poor condition. It's deteriorated. Sorry for my writing, but I do not know English and I'm using a translator.	I know my english is not very good sorry
0	how to check membership level?	How do I cancel my membership?
0	How to find the item ship from USA	How do I delete item from my Shopping Cart?
1	the seller have other behavior	I have a problem with seller
0	the order just never gets processed	I will never order from this company again
0	exceeded number of purchase	I want to cancel a purchase.
0	How to change my contact details	How do I change my bank details?
0	talk to me eva	Eva is useless
0	At what time should I contact you to receive help?	Can you help me to contact the supplier?
0	I did return the goods, but the seller's shop was blocked, and he does not answer what will happen to the goods? If the seller does not confirm receipt within 30 days	I can not confirm receipt of goods.
0	still haven't received my refund	My order is still awaiting payment
1	how to use select coupon?	How do I use Select Coupon?
0	I need top ten items which sold in 2017 in high	What can I do as my country charge high taxes?
0	when I can leave feedback?	Can I leave feedback for suppliers?
0	I have new mail	You have entered incorrect e-mail
1	My tale and deactivated for the reason of security since I contact you your services on nothing done	Why my account is deactivated?
0	It's not possible to contact customer service	How can I contact Russian customer service?
0	unable to place an order	How do I place order?
0	i want to pay the amount with gift card	I want to know about money back amount
0	I can`t enter my credit card	Can I pay my order with my Brazilian credit card?
0	i make the payment but no shipment yet	I paid my order but the payment is not confirmed yet
1	How do I delete orders?	how do i delete my orders that got closed
0	how do i delete my account	How do I delete coupon?
1	the status has not changed for 6-7 days	I have paid for my order with Bank Transfer for 7 days. Why my order status has not been changed?
0	I am trying to submit a return and the submit button is not working!	What can I do after submit complaint?
0	I just want know why I didn't receive nothing after more than 2 months.	Can I order for item more than $50?
0	How do I use Warranty Service?	how do i contact service team
0	So how can I chat with human	How can i add user in my chat
0	in my order list "View Detail" ,last status at april 27 and no more	My order list is lost
0	they sent me a note and ask me to appeal	when they sent the items for me
1	My account iz broken	Why my account was disabled?
0	this happened twice already	Why the payment taken twice?
0	I still not hear Anything about mij contact we have before	I have been charged but the order is still waiting for my payment
0	May I ask a question?	May I cancel an order?
0	i have not received my order.	I have not received refund and my order was canceled
0	The shipment did not arrive	how long the product to arrive to my address?
1	can help me	can someone else help me?
1	Hey. I have not received a refund yet of cash from the auction number	I have not received my refund
1	When did I cancel the canceled payment of the account?	I canceled the order but I still did not get money back
0	I made the request, it did not arrive. The seller contacted and authorized the refund, but the amount they want to pay is much lower than the one I paid for the order. What should I do?	What can I do if the seller reject my cancel order request?
0	will you deliver to company	how long does it take to deliver
0	i make the payment but no shipment yet	How do I make payment by Boleto?
1	how do i place the order	How do I place an order?
0	I paid 3 times for the same order by mistake	I want to cancel the order. There is mistake.
0	i am not able to see dispute option	Am I able to sell things?
1	order list pages	My order list is lost
1	hmmmmm okay thanks	I'm good thanks
1	my price forward	What is price?
0	i have some question. so tell me your email address	Can you tell me some basic search tips?
0	No because you do not want to help me	You sent me an email canceling my payment because the seller was doubtful
1	how to change to password?	How to set my password?
0	how do i delete my orders under my account	How do I delete my negative feedback?
0	how do I delete feedback?	How do I give feedback?
1	May I speak with a Human please?	Can I speak with an agent please?
0	need to know how I will receive my full amount of my dispute, seller only want to give me $15,00	I need to know how long the dispute will be?
0	Can I write in german, please?	I need to speak to someone please
0	Are there other ways to pay	Is there any ways you can combine different sellers' orders into one shipment?
0	where do I find account settings	How can i change my language settings back to english
0	the same thing happen to me with the chinese sellers on EBAY	I paid all my orders but sellers told me that I did not paid.
1	I want change to my contact name	I just ordered something but I want to change the name for the receiver
0	I have not received my goods	The goods I received are damaged
1	this is online chat?	How to find online chat service representative quickly?
0	When I try to track my order I see a message saying "Tracking information is temporarily unavailable"	It is giving me an error when I try to purchase
0	Ho do You speak italian?	Do you speak english
0	I tried it and I get it to check my account and it does not hurt me at the mail I get account disabled	Will I automatically get a refund if the seller does not ship my order?
0	I only pay by credit card and not by transfer	Are you an ET?
0	fast shipping courier	seller changed courier
0	can you answer my question?	when can i get the answer of my question
1	Can I talk with a REAL person?	an i talk to a real person
1	the seller changed the shipping method?	wrong shipping method
1	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	The seller does not answer. What to do?
0	in my refund status there is not showing s 'Dispute	My order is not showing
0	need to check my order	Need more time to check
1	I am asking to combine orders for payment	How do I combine payment?
0	Question is listed above	I paid but it is listed as unpaid
1	i cant track my orders	I cannot track my order.
0	The seller asked me my paypal number i told him that	I placed my order and the seller asked to cancel.
0	I want to know, what happen with my causes?	what will happen to my money
1	i need to talk to human being please	I need a human assistant
0	I have problem product	I have an account problem
0	Problem not solved.	Confirm the problem
0	and i am out of time	I have not yet received the item but the confirmation time out.
0	The robot will not help me	Are u able to help me
0	lost my phone number	I lost my password
0	My contacts are all ok	I want to clean all my order
0	I paid this shoes I HAVEN'T NEVER RECEIVE	I paid via master card, how can I receive refund?
0	The money was not returned to my account, although the dispute has been resolved in full money, it's been 2 months already, and there is no money	why my orders are not paid although money is written off from my account
0	how to find a product?	how to find discount product
0	WHAT DO I DO WHEN SELLER KEEPS STALLING	The seller threatens me. What to do?
0	I didnt receive a single order that i made from Apr	I made the payment, but the order was frozen
0	where can i find my barcode	Where can I find previous orders?
0	so can you try to place the with the number to see what color you get	Do you have a contact phone number so I can talk to a real person?
1	how to contact customer service.	I need contact the customer service
0	i am not satisfied with the result of the escalated dispute	How do I edit the escalated dispute?
1	how to extend buyer protection time	How to extend my buyer protection time?
0	lost my phone number	My order list is lost
0	i sent a request but nothing came through	I want to request refund
0	but more then 20 days is happen still payment not get	what happen when my order get frozen?
1	how can i pay with ideal	Can I pay with iDeal?
1	How to edit my phone number	How do I edit my profile?
1	Can somebody help me	can someone else help me?
0	I have been shown this message before. I went to a page and sat there. Nothing happened.	I have been charged twice
1	hi there, I need help	i need help
0	I would like to know about an object that I bought and that I can not access the tracking by the code	I would like to know how I can cancel my order.
0	how to change price	How to change reason
0	how to remove credit card information?	How to remove unnecessary orders?
1	Do i get a shipping discount if it's a large order?	How can i get the discount
0	Sorry but it's too much for you to make it human, you say a lot of repeat phase!	are you robot or human?
1	awaiting for payment	What is Awaiting payment?
0	nice meet you too	you talk too fast
0	I have received a package. How can I tell which order this is?	I have received my order, how to confirm?
1	you can't help me you are a computer	you can not help me
0	saying i didn't communicate	I received an email saying I have a message for my order but there is not one.
1	Hi, I need help	I need help.
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	i have placed an order
1	i cannot delete the order	i wanna delete all in my order list
1	unresolved refund status	I have an unresolved dispute
0	how to use reward points	How to use coupon?
0	my shipment has been cancelled	has been cancelled because payment was not made
0	but i use ATM	Why I cannot use PayPal?
1	i send my seller a message but my package still didnt came	My items never came
0	i forgot my password and security answer	I forgot my TradeManager ID and password, what can I do?
0	I paid for the goods I have never received, though, not me, has put a receipt confirmation, and also a feedback	How do I cancel confirmation of receipt of goods?
0	So are you not able to help?	you are so kind
0	how to subscribed	how are you doing
1	but more then 20 days is happen still payment not get	I have not received my refund afte more than 20 working days
1	that was automatic answer	this chat is automatic?
1	steps on how to contact seller?	How can I contact seller?
0	I need my refund	Do I need to send the product back for refund?
0	I want the item, the vendor do not reply my messages	I opened a dispute but the vendor declined and stayed with my money
0	how many item I will received	If i order now with UPS how many days come the item in my country
0	Yes but the seller does not respond	received goods stopped working and the seller does not respond
0	how can i just place preorder?	Can the coins return to me if I cancel preorder?
0	you sent my password 4 times but does not show up	i do not want my order to be sent on my address, i want pick up
0	how to place order	Why I cannot place order?
0	the chat button does not work	Why the order confirmation button does not work?
0	i can not sign in	I cannot sign in on Facebook page.
0	So how can I do that	Do you have a contact phone number so I can talk to a real person?
0	delete credit card	My credit card is overcharged
0	how to use select coupons	Why can't I use coupons?
1	How to choose shipping method	Which shipping method is better?
0	i have paid for my product	Why I paid for the product and the order was canceled?
0	but there is no email address to send?	parcel was sent to a different state
0	I'm having trouble canceling my account.	I am having a trouble with my payment going through
0	I wanna buy something product but I dont know how to pay money	If i buy something i have to pay taxes?
0	how can i trust seller	How can I report a fraud seller?
1	I want to talk with human	i want to get human
0	I placed an order as guest 4 hours ago but have not received notification	I have accidentally placed double order on the same thing
0	sorry, you cannot help me	can you help me?
0	I want to remove an appeal	I want remove My order
0	after making the payment, the cart is empty, but the transaction did not complete	I want to complete my payment
0	The sneller writer me that its not possible to open a dispute and he dont want to	the seller change Carrier without telling me and now he want me to pay extra charges
0	good evening I did not receive a parcel because it was handed over to another person I opened a dispute but the seller insists that the parcel is in customs and is in the hands of a carrier But I contacted the customs and posters, the parcel was delivered	I want to return the parcel
0	i need helper	I need bill
1	i have not received my order.	i have not received my order and i want my money back
0	I don't have my two orders. The tracking says delivery failed. I want refund.	I don't have more questions
0	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	Is possible to change my name ID?
0	What does security check failure mean	What does Confirmation Received mean?
0	how do i delete my account	How do I change the email on my account?
1	how can I report a fraud seller	How do I report a seller?
0	leave a feedback	Can I leave a private feedback?
0	Looking for suppliers	Suppliers was suspended while I paid
0	Where to see coupon page	I did not see my order. Where is it?
0	I forgot my password I can not retrieve it and I can not connect because my mail already exists	I cannot create an account because the email already exists
0	hello by mistake I have received my product, but I have not received it yet	You have entered incorrect e-mail
0	i cannot pay for my item	How do I pay for an item?
0	received a parcel that i haven`t ordered	I have not received my parcel
1	no i can not hardly with customer attention	Can customer service call me
0	to ask someone for my order	Ask for order no.
1	please can i speak with someone not a robot i have issue 2 days know	Can I speak with an agent please?
0	after making the payment, the cart is empty, but the transaction did not complete	what should i do after complete check out?
0	I wrote may a week ago a report on this site. Please check it	May I cancel an order?
0	yes i did multiple orders	Shipping is expensive. Do you combine shipping with multiple orders?
0	What happens to my order when my shipment status says "shipment canceled"?	my dispute says awaiting shipment
0	i did not receive the products	Why did not I receive refund?
0	Need my order traced. Your website is very difficult to navigate. It just says "order finished"	l am very disappointed with my order
0	when my pay cancelled	When can I expect my refund on some cancelled order?
0	how to reply to dispute	I emailed customer service. How long does it take to reply?
1	delete wish list	How do I delete items in my wish list?
0	i opened a dispute	I opened dispute and had no feedback from seller.
0	Hi. My dispute status is: Status: "Awaiting seller's receipt confirmation" and it is 7 days given for the seller to confirm the reception. Those 7 days have already passed but i have no refund for this dispute	After made the payment for 7 business days, why my order does not change?
0	There is a problem with the system	why is the system currently unavailable?
0	Yes, it's on the way but it takes 3 weeks	Yes can you help
0	I did not get the goods as described. Of course, I want to upload photos, of course, but it is not possible. I tried a video, but I can not upload it too	I need a function to upload photos
0	how to change card	How to change delivery options?
0	payment not processed	payment for services
0	Hello, since yesterday I can not pay my card. Everything in the bank is all right.	How can I pay all my orders with one payment?
0	What is my payment status?	I paid for my order but the status is still payment required
0	but contacted with bank nothing hold from them	hold by the customs department
0	after making the payment, the cart is empty, but the transaction did not complete	can i complete my transaction through my debit card
0	what is my password i cannot understand what you sent me	You do not understand me
0	We tried to sign in for an account and the code part does not work	How can I sign in to account?
0	l do not want more money l want my shipment and fast for that l pay an extra the time l need to understand?	How can l see my message
0	Yes, but she does not respond so quickly, you can not watch help me please please	Please help me to track my order.
0	Walle, How can you type so fast	Can you send my orders fast?
0	how to delete items in wish list	Why I cannot add items to my wish list?
0	I want to know, what happen with my causes?	I left feedback. What will happen?
0	I made an order in January and it has not arrived yet.	I can not contact the sellers of products that have not yet arrived.
1	I want change to my contact name	I cannot change my contact name
0	How do i extend buyer protection	How do I use the Buyer Protection service?
0	how do I place order	How do I leave feedback for an order?
0	Dear, I am blocked 10 days a go. When I will use my paid card agen?	I have not received payment within 10 days
0	hi there! I'm about to clean a little bit my ordering list, however I couldn't delete one of my old orderings.	it's difficult for my little english to explain what I mean
0	seller is not not trying to refund or replace	Can I replace my goods?
0	They send me that	Can you send an invitation letter to me?
0	it said: tracking details will be available in 10 days	Coupon is not available
0	I have tried three times and I am not getting any help	I have placed same order four times
1	would prefer to call	I want to call you
0	i need shipping company	How much I need pay for the shipping fee?
0	Bring money for back order	I want to cancel this order and get my money back
0	when my cancelled	When can I expect my refund on some cancelled order?
1	I canceled my product but there was no refund	My orders were canceled and I still have not received the refund
0	always refunding progress	What is Dispute in Progress?
0	How can I submit a warranty request?	What can I do if seller do not respond to my cancel request?
0	why to put card details again?	Why I cannot put my street address
0	I do NOT want to browse the site in Italian language. I WANT TO READ THE ORIGINAL ENGLISH DESCRIPTION for each item!!!!	I want to read feedback written about my order
0	eve My Name is Robert Quandt	Do you know my name?
0	this is online chat?	Internet Explorer Script Error comes when I click on I am online chat now
0	why to put card details again?	Why my order is closed for security reasons again?
0	how can I open a dispute?	Can I open a finished dispute
0	Subject: random product link/button Hi, i have a question about the site. You know, I really love browsing it, looking for fun stuff to buy, and I was wondering, are the maybe plans to put a 'random product' button on the page, to send you to a ran	How can I know more about the product?
0	how can i change my billing address	How can I change my contact name?
1	how to set new shipping address	How do I fill in my shipping address?
1	Is not there a human to attend to?	i need to speak with a human
0	I want to send you a photo for asking you if an item is available to any supplier of your site. Is it possible and how I can do that?	I changed my email. How can I update it on your site?
1	Hello! I want to retreive my credit card info from my account. How can I do that?	How can I delete my card from my account?
0	i forgot my password and security answer	I lost my password
1	how to change coins to coupon	How to change my coins for coupon?
0	i need open dispute	I cannot open a dispute. I need your help.
0	Hi, I didn't get my refund	i didn't ask you that
0	I am not able to open dispute	I am not able to open my Shopping Cart
0	lost my phone number	I lost my order information
0	I want to know the width of this shoes as following	I want to know
1	you are a computer?	Is this a computer or a real person?
0	how to use rewards points	What is Available Points?
0	Hi, I am not able to open my account	Why I am not able to place an order?
0	what do you mean u cant help	do u help anyone?
1	how to remove debit card from account	How to remove 1-click checkout from my account?
0	return shipping address of the seller	Return shipping fee
0	no i can't follow my order	How can I customize my order?
0	reward points not added	I accidentally added too many days to the processing time how do I decrease it?
1	can I speak with someone?	how do I speak to someone online
0	i need my money back on my card today	will I get my money back if the order is cancelled
0	please look on my question here before	please i have a question
0	i am very upset	the product was very poor quality i sent it back
1	My money is not in my account	If I want to cancel my order how many days the money will be back in my account
0	i can't open the dispute because i have a message telling me that i have to wait for the seller to send the package but the seller told me to open the dispute because the package was stopped by customs	i have a dispute in progress but the seller refuses talking to me
1	Return address needed	How do I find the postal address of the seller as I need to return items?
0	seller has not ship out my order	What is the time limit for the seller to ship my order?
0	who r u	hey how r u?
0	I bought a product and I did not receive.	I bought a product and have not received a confirmation email
1	how to edit account	How do I edit my name?
0	open dispute but seller refuse to refund	a refund if the seller has accepted the dispute
0	I've ordered something and tomorrow it's been 3 weeks and he's still not help me	I have written seller different ways, but he still ignore me
0	I have an account and I can not reconnect and I want to place an order and have an invoice	Why can not I have my account disabled?
1	I need your help...	I need help man.
0	Has it shipped?	My order has been shipped to wrong country
0	You don't understand that the buyer protection has ended and I was not refunded and I didn't get my order.	I don't know what to do for my weekend.
0	The online service button is not activated	are you online?
0	my company put in dispute refund was made i still need the wright color of order company has wrong order number	I put wrong address on my order
0	Hi Eva! I need to delete my old credit card and register my new credit card	My credit card is overcharged
0	how to put shipping information in the dispute	Where do I find information on dispute?
0	I do not know why my card is not working.	Why my tracking code is not working?
1	Ok thank you the last question are you Spanish women	do you speak spanish?
0	im following up on a complaint	Im confused with your reply
0	No how to modify the mobile phone number?	how to have a phone number please
0	where I can see my coupon page?	Where can I see the dispute result?
1	How to delete order?	how to delete my extra order
0	how to search good seller	The product is not good and cannot contact the seller
0	Application Programming Interface	Do you have Android application?
0	I have informed you 3 times	I have opened case more than 3 months ago. Why if in has not resolved yet?
0	FEW MINTS I GIVE ORDER BUT I GIVE MONEY HAND TO HAND	I cancelled this order a few weeks ago, yet I have not received any money back.
1	where to find order number	How to find the order number?
0	how to set my currency	How do I set my shipping address?
0	where is the appeal button?	The dispute button is not working.
0	i don't have delete signed	I don't have more questions
0	But I have new email address	Can I have an email address
0	no, you need cancel my email for me to buy again	If I cancel my order, can you tell me how long it will take for refund?
0	i have a problem with seller	i have a dispute with the seller
1	payment is done. the seller does not answer.	the seller does not answer my messages.
0	talk to someone	I would like to talk to someone before I buy
0	How do i receive a refund that the seller accepted?	I did not receive my item. How do I get a refund?
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	The seller is offline. What can I do?
0	seller made no response	I have a dispute but the seller response time has ended
0	i am having problems sending my id	I am having troubles changing my email address
1	ship to iran	can you ship to california
0	replace card information	I need some information
0	Question about selling	What are the best selling products?
0	how to open dispute	How do I open TradeManager?
0	what can i do to pay the seller for the received goods	What can I do if the order finished when I return the goods?
1	my email has changed and i can not access my old one	I want to change my e-mail address because the old one was hacked, how can I do
0	but i want answer top ten items please tell me:I need top ten items wich sold in 2017	How can I delete TradeManager from my desktop?
0	Nie to meet you too	I eat too much.
0	no shipment refund	What is Awaiting Shipment?
0	what will happen when I open a dispute	When can I open a dispute?
0	I need help with my appeal	I need help.
1	I only paid the same order twice	Why I paid for same product twice?
0	why seller extend the delivery period	How can I extend the period of receiving the shipment?
0	do you want watch voor me	do you hear me?
0	have sent an email with my passport and credit card photos	I have problem in paying online with my credit card
0	I want for the seller to adjust the price with no shipping but I need the order in hold for them to fixed	I need to contact the seller of order
0	I want to speak with the worker	I only speak Russia
0	how i become a seller	How do I find a seller?
0	I can only speak Japanese. However, you can respond at the translation site.	Why you speak only english?
0	Can I change the amount of variants of a product so I can import it to shopify?	i received my product, but it is too small, can i change it?
0	don't you understand me??	Why you don't have holidays?
0	How long is my order arriving? Is it over? Will I have the refund?	I have been over charged
0	What is buyers protection	What is Love"?"
0	how to remove card?	How do I remove items from Shopping Cart?
0	sorry, you cannot help me	I cannot access my account. Can you help me?
1	I don't need automatic answers.	so many automatic answers?
0	they are telling me to cancel the dispute	Why did you cancel the dispute?
1	I'm from Pakistan and want to re sell your products	I want to sell your products
0	i am following up my case	I have filed claim for my order, but no development of my case
1	how to add video to dispute?	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	Two of my orders from different sellers on here say they were delivered to the wrong states.	To buy goods from different sellers all orders will be exported in the same box?
0	hello, I was issued a refund for an item not received and now it has been delivered. What can I do to pay?	now I had an email that my order has been cancelled because i did not pay
0	Im interested in purchasing 7 chinese wall lights need little more information	I am interested to be reseller
1	Is that Phone free?	Is there free sample?
0	it said it was unsuccessful in loading it	The seller said no stock and ask me to cancel it
0	it's my third time	That's my order link
0	I can't open track order	I can not open a dispute since confirmed that I had received an order
0	did you understand my problem? yes or no	you do not understand
0	I am saying you only take us dollars?	I am sick of you.
0	It's being only today I have received it	I received an email confirming only one of my orders
1	how to verify account	How to verify my email address?
1	how to report the seller?	I want to report seller
1	are you human? I need help	I need speak to a human
0	Hello, my account is disabled and I can not make a dispute and my products do not reach me	Why can't I buy products with my account?
0	how to respond to escalated dispute	how to withdraw escalated dispute?
0	How to reset account password	I want to reset my password have not got the email
0	logged in as a guest 5 hours ago and placed an order I have not received notification	I have placed same order four times
0	i cant see it there	you cant help me
0	and I need to cancel the dispute	I need cancel an order but the seller still not cancel.
0	I placed an order and paid about 4 hours ago but have not received confirmation	I have placed same order four times
0	Please, I could not checkout	How can i go to checkout?
0	david howell hi i need a phone number or a human i cant never log on please help	i cant speak english
0	here you have order number	Will you always be here?
1	I want to complaint	Want to Complaint
0	i have question about New black Mini USB Wifi Adapter Pocket Network Wireless Router 2nd Soft AP Portable	I have a question about my coupons
0	to ask someone for my order	I did not place a order. Someone used my card
0	How do I check if a seller reliable?	How do I check a seller if they have no feedback?
0	coins has not added	How to change my coins for coupon?
1	how to get invoice	How can I get an invoice?
0	I ask you to return money or send new items with a tracking number!	I have waited too long to verify my email address can you send a new one to me
0	I have forgotten my password &amp; when I try &amp; reset my password from the email it is not connecting or when I copy &amp; paste web site to brower, its not showing the site, I just want a new password so i can check my account, but nothing is working	How can I reset my password?
1	If I have a product from Germany delivered to Finland, do I have to pay customs and taxes?	I have a doubt about the customs fees, from which value is taxed
0	chinese service representative	is there a chinese holiday in October?
1	hi, i see this link but i have question.	please i have a question
0	ok please. or i can ask the other one.	Can I see wish list of other people?
0	I paid my order several times, because?	I opened the dispute because I have not received my order number
1	How do I exchange coins for coupon	How to change my coins for coupon?
0	link open a dispute	how to cancel an open dispute?
0	and you send a email to seller with my email in copy	how am i going to send email to you
0	So i contact the seller i want my money back	The goods are defective. I want my money back immediately.
1	I want a real person &amp; NOT a robot.	i want to talk to a real person
0	did you even give a answer	I opened dispute but did not get an answer
0	the same thing happen to me with the chinese sellers on EBAY	sellers do not send me my order
0	How to ship back the item	How can I ship to China?
0	how to subscribed	How to be affiliate
0	I can not upload videos or photos to the dispute	how do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
1	ok...I have a question for you	I have a question can you help?
0	ja watch for me	Please call me.
1	How to register an account	How can I register account?
0	How can I collect my order in cart?	How can I move wish item list to my cart?
0	How change post code	How do I pay with post pay?
0	via bank card	What is a copy of the bank statement for the credit card used?
0	Where do I find settings to manage payment cards	Where do I manage my photo?
0	i cant track my orders	Can I track my order?
0	My card keeps getting denied, how do I fix that?	How can I do if my card is stolen?
0	i can't find it	i cant call you
0	It never get frozen it goes to pay and it is paid instantly	what happen when my order get frozen?
0	this is getting no where	My order keeps getting cancelled and I am not getting my money back
0	how to remove credit card information?	How to pay with credit card?
0	Didnt say anything about email	When I receive email with my order i click on it but it say i can not view
0	how to add evidence to dispute?	how to add friends by TM
0	When I open a dispute it says Order empty	I cannot open dispute for order in Awaiting Delivery.
0	i need to speak with someone	do you speak spanish?
1	I have not been able to pay with my card, what should I do?	I can not pay for my order with my card.
0	Why does it appear "not paid" when the payment has already been deducted on my card?	I paid by bank transfer, but the payment has not been received.
0	When will I receive my refund if I pay by credit card?	When will I receive the refund if I cancel my order?
0	What will happen after opening a dispute?	What will happen after I have sent my Warranty Service request?
0	The product I received does not correspond with the description. ?What I can do?	I received a product that does not work.
0	Why has my order closed?	Why is my order closed by rejected Order?
0	Why can not I place an order?	Can I cancel an order paid in advance?
1	Why is my payment incorrectly deducted?	Why is my payment incorrectly deducted?
0	How can I pay with my credit / debit card?	I can not pay for my order with a Visa debit card, what can I do?
0	Why is my order in verification after payment?	At what stage is my order?
0	How can I receive a refund with my credit card?	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	How can I receive a refund with my credit card?	I can not receive money on my credit card.
0	How can I receive a refund with my credit card?	Can I make payments by credit card?
0	How can I pay through Mercado Pago?	Can I send a check as a method of payment?
0	The product received is not good, it does not work, what can I do?	What can I do if the ordered product is not available?
0	Can I change the details of the order (size, shipping, etc.)?	What are the details of the product?
0	Can I change the details of the order (size, shipping, etc.)?	Can I change my shipment to free shipping?
1	What is Buyer Protection?	What is Buyer Protection?
1	How to pay the order by Bank Transfer?	How do we proceed to pay by bank transfer?
0	Can I cancel a pre-sale order?	Can I cancel a paid order?
0	The name or password of your account is incorrect.	What is the IBAN number of the account?
1	How do I change my email address?	How do I change my email address?
0	Why has not my order been paid?	I have paid and my order has been canceled by email.
0	How to recover a coupon?	I have a coupon, how do I use it in my new order?
0	Why do I get an error when trying to pay?	What can I do if I have placed an order by mistake?
1	Why the payment has been deducted twice?	Why has my payment been made twice?
0	I have not received the refund	I have received both the merchandise and the full refund.
0	How can I combine several orders in a single payment?	Can I combine messages from different orders?
0	How do I set my delivery address?	I have entered an incorrect delivery address.
1	How can I confirm the delivery once I have received my order?	Confirm received order.
0	How can I report to a seller / product?	How to report trademark infringement?
0	How do I delete an order?	How do I delete my information?
0	How to contact the dispute team?	How can I get in contact with the seller?
0	Was the order canceled? How long will it take for the money to be on my credit card?	I did not understand the way in which the money will be reimbursed.
0	Was the order canceled? How long will it take for the money to be on my credit card?	Will I receive my money back if the order is canceled?
1	?Hello! I want to track my order, how can I know the tracking number?	I want my tracking number.
1	I want to communicate with a supervisor	I want to talk to a human.
0	He says that the system is not available to try later	I try to pay, but says that the system is not available.
1	He says that the system is not available to try later	System not available, try again later.
1	How can I pay with WebMoney?	How to pay through WebMoney?
0	How can I pay with WebMoney?	How can I pay with Western Union?
1	The system is not available, try again later	The service is not available Please try again later.
0	How can I pay in my local currency?	How can I pay for all my products in the shopping cart in one payment?
0	How can I pay in my local currency?	How can I pay with iDeal?
0	How long does it take to get a full refund?	How long does it take to deliver?
1	Why do I have a charge on my credit card when I did not have an order?	They charged me on my credit card when I never bought them anything.
1	I opened a dispute and what should I do next?	I have opened a dispute, what can I do next?
0	I have not received my refund	I have not received my package.
0	where is the money from my refund request	Will I receive my money back if the order is canceled?
0	How do I review an assessment?	How do I leave a valuation about the products?
1	What are the Local Returns?	What are Domestic Returns?
0	What are the Local Returns?	Are the Jordan shoes replicas?
0	When will my money be returned from a canceled order?	Will the coupon be returned?
0	What are the Local Returns?	The products they sent are of poor quality.
0	Now I have a dispute, what can I do?	I opened a dispute and, for now, nothing.
0	Now I have a dispute, what can I do?	Can I make a dispute twice?
1	How can I pay by bank transfer?	When can I buy with a bank transfer?
0	How can I pay by bank transfer?	Do they make a bank transfer?
0	What forms of payment are there?	Why is there no payment method with Western Union?
0	How can I receive a refund through my mobile balance?	How do I receive a refund through WebMoney?
0	How can I get my money back?	How can I transfer my money to your account?
1	How will I receive a refund of my order?	How will I receive a refund for my order?
0	How can I upload my video in response to a dispute mediation?	I can not write in the answer text box.
1	When do I have the refund?	When do I have the refund?
1	I HAVE MORE THAN ONE HOUR WAITING, YOUR SERVICE IS VERY BAD, PLEASE CHECK MY CONSULTATION - YOU CAN NOT BE ANSWERED TO MANY THINGS THAT TODAY I DO NOT WANT TO KNOW, READ AND CHECK MY CONSULTATION	I want my money back.
1	I HAVE MORE THAN ONE HOUR WAITING, YOUR SERVICE IS VERY BAD, PLEASE CHECK MY CONSULTATION - YOU CAN NOT BE ANSWERED TO MANY THINGS THAT TODAY I DO NOT WANT TO KNOW, READ AND CHECK MY CONSULTATION	I ordered many things from different stores and I want to pay them all together.
1	How do I cancel a dispute?	How do I cancel a dispute?
0	How do I cancel a dispute?	How do I modify a dispute?
0	Why can not a dispute be opened?	Why can not the order be sent to my country / region?
0	Why can not a dispute be opened?	Why the order can not be shipped to China?
0	The order does not appear in my account	How do I receive the refund for my order? In my bank account?
0	The seller says he does not have in stock and asks me to cancel	I try to register and he tells me that the service is not available.
0	After the cancellation, on how many days will the money be returned?	If I ask now with UPS, how many days does the item arrive in my country?
0	So how can I do to save my orders, which are many, if my address is incomplete?	I have already paid for my order, but it appears that I have not paid yet, what to do?
0	I have a problem with a seller	I have a problem with the payment.
1	PLEASE READ MY CONSULTATION - YOU CAN NOT BE ANSWERED TO MANY THINGS THAT TODAY I DO NOT WANT TO KNOW, READ MY CONSULTATION	I want my money back.
0	How to establish main card?	How can I search for the products on your homepage?
0	How to establish main card?	How can I establish an automatic payment method?
0	How to establish main card?	Why did you fail to set my shipping address?
1	How to get my money back?	How can I ask for a refund of this order?
0	?When will I recive my order?	Will I receive my order on time?
1	The product that I bought does not work?	The product that I bought does not work.
0	What happens if the product you gave me does not match the description?	What happens if I accept the details of the dispute?
0	The system does not let me pay	The computer will not let me write messages.
0	The system does not let me pay	He will not let me open an account.
0	The system does not let me pay	Why does the system tell me that I can not participate in this promotion?
0	When will I receive the refund after closing the order?	When will I receive my refund for the canceled order?
0	I have a problem with a dispute	I have a problem with a bad seller.
1	YOUR SERVICE IS VERY BAD, PLEASE READ MY CONSULTATION - YOU CAN NOT GET ANYTHING TO ANSWER MANY THINGS THAT I DO NOT WANT TO KNOW NOW, READ MY CONSULTATION	I need you to help me please
1	YOUR SERVICE IS VERY BAD, PLEASE READ MY CONSULTATION - YOU CAN NOT GET ANYTHING TO ANSWER MANY THINGS THAT I DO NOT WANT TO KNOW NOW, READ MY CONSULTATION	Why do I have to pay the service fee of your bank?
0	How to make the payment through Ticket?	I have already made the payment with Ticket.
0	How can I verify my address?	I can not write my Danish address.
0	Can I cancel an order I already paid?	I want to cancel an order, but I can not.
0	I want to know how the refund will be made?	I want to know more about the refund by credit card.
0	How to modify a dispute	How to cancel an accepted dispute
0	Why is my order closed with the payment deducted?	Why has the order been canceled?
0	Every time I go to pay it tells me that an unknown error has occurred	Do I need to send a request to the bank every time I pay in installments?
0	When will they give me my money after canceling the order	When would I get my money back? The order has not arrived.
0	It says that my account is not authorized to make purchases	It says that the system is not available.
0	The status of my order is pending receipt and I have not received the product yet	I have paid for my order. Why the order status says Pending payment?
0	How to pay the order by Bank Transfer?	I want to pay the bill with a bank transfer.
1	Why does it appear "not paid" when the payment has already been deducted on my card?	I have already paid for my order, but it appears that I have not paid yet, what to do?
1	We are already spinning again without understanding each other. Could someone help me?	Why is my payment being verified again if it has already been confirmed?
0	How can I know if my order has been canceled or not?	I want to know if my order has been placed.
0	How can I know if my order has been canceled or not?	How do I know if my order has been sent?
1	How to use a coupon in an order?	How to use a coupon in the order?
1	When will I receive the money?	When will I receive the money?
0	When are my products going to be shipped?	Can I send my products to China?
0	When are my products going to be shipped?	When can I receive my package after the products are shipped?
0	Why did you cancel my order?	Why is My Order empty?
0	Why did you cancel my order?	Why has my order disappeared?
1	What other ways do I have to make the payment?	What other payment options can I use?
0	What other ways do I have to make the payment?	I want to cancel my order, but the seller sent it anyway.
0	Who is in charge of my dispute? Can I get your email address?	How can I get the best shipping costs?
0	Who is in charge of my dispute? Can I get your email address?	Delete me from the mailing list.
0	How do I pay for my order through Westen Union? ?What is the next step?	What is the code of my country?
0	How do I pay for my order through Westen Union? ?What is the next step?	Can we make the payment through debit card?
0	The order does not arrive and the seller does not respond	The seller does not respond to my refund request.
0	The product is not what I want or I asked	The seller does not have the shoes I ordered, but he does not answer me.
0	The processing time is over, and the seller has not shipped the product	When will I receive a refund if the dispute is over?
0	Hello I have problems making payments due to an outstanding appeal that is not completed	I have problems to create my account.
0	I can not pay for my order	How can I pay for my order?
1	I want to talk to a human	I want to talk to a human.
0	Thanks recently I bought a product and it only lasted me very little left factory defect is a stereo car	I need instructions for an item that I bought.
1	I have problems with a dispute	I have a problem with the dispute.
0	When should I pay for a pre-sale order?	How should I pay with Western Union?
0	How to pay by credit card?	I have a problem paying online with my credit card.
0	How can I save my orders, which are many, if my address is incomplete?	I want my orders sent together to my address.
0	Is the payment system out of service?	How do I use the Guarantee Service?
0	Why does my status indicate waiting for my payment?	Why is my payment frozen?
0	Why has not my comment been shown?	Why the payment has not been verified?
0	Why has not my comment been shown?	Why has the delivery period extended?
1	Why has my order been canceled?	My order has been canceled. Can you tell me why?
0	Why has my account closed?	Why has not my order been canceled?
0	How can I receive a refund through Western Union	After placing an order, how can I pay with Western Union?
0	The order has not been paid	The seller refuses to send my order after having paid.
0	The order has not been paid	Why the order has been canceled but the payment has already been made?
0	The site does not allow me to open a dispute	I am not allowed to login.
1	I want to talk to a person	I need to speak with a representative.
0	I want to know the status of my refund	I want to know the state of mediation.
1	I WANT TO MAKE AN INQUIRY	I want to make a bank transfer from **.
0	problems with the warranty	I'm having problems with my order
1	I need to file a complaint against a seller!	I want to file a claim because the seller has cheated me.
0	I want to recover the money! ?I can not wait that long!	I want to extend the shipping time to * days.
0	I want to recover the money! ?I can not wait that long!	I want them to return the money from the products to another card.
0	How to enter a shipping address?	How do I add the shipping address?
0	How to enter a shipping address?	How do I change the shipping address?
0	How do I prove my identity?	How do I cancel my order?
0	How can I pay the payment information?	When can I receive the shipping information?
0	How can I review a comment?	How can I receive a refund?
0	How is the processing time extended?	Can I extend the processing time?
0	?What is the status of my order?	The status of my order is Null. What happen?
0	What is the solution to my case?	What is the situation with my dispute?
0	What is the solution to my case?	What is the contact information?
1	When will I receive the money for the canceled products?	When will I receive a refund if the orders have been canceled?
0	Where is the answer?	Where is the information of the dispute?
1	In how many days will I receive my money if I cancel the order?	When will I receive the refund if I cancel my order?
0	Is there a way to pay at the door?	What is the best way to contact a seller?
0	Is there a way to pay at the door?	I made a purchase, but the store does not exist.
0	? Shipping costs were paid at the time of shipment or upon receipt of the product?	Shipping costs by return.
0	Why is the payment received less than what we pay?	The seller says that the payment has not been received after completing the order. What I can do?
1	Why do not I have my money so far?	Why do not they give me back the money?
0	Why does my shipment take so long?	Why does my payment take so long to be processed?
0	Why does my shipment take so long?	Why do they take so long to resolve the dispute?
1	Why could not I pay with my credit card?	Why can not I use my credit card?
0	Why do you allow them to cheat your customers?	Why are you asking me to save my card?
0	Why does not the seller ship the product or respond?	The product received is not good or works, what can I do?
0	Why does not the seller ship the product or respond?	The seller does not respond to my refund request.
1	Can I pay with a gift card?	Can I pay with a gift card?
0	What is my user ID?	Why has my user level decreased?
0	What should I do if the seller is cheating me?	What can I do if my order is frozen due to the seller's activities?
1	How do I get in contact with the seller	How do I contact a seller?
0	How can I present a complain	I need to file a dispute, but the term has run out. What I can do?
0	Change the contact person	How can I change the reception address?
1	When will I receive the refund after canceling the order	When will I receive the refund after canceling the order?
0	When will I receive the refund after canceling the order	When will the refund be approved and when will I receive it?
0	Where is my order please?	My order is closed by Not sent.
0	The status of the refund request	What is the status of the claim?
0	The status of the refund request	The order status has not changed after I made the payment, what happens?
1	The order indicates that I have not paid, but I already paid	I've already paid, but it seems like I did not.
0	The provider does not respond to cases	How do I contact the Case Management team?
0	The seller must pay the shipping costs	Do I have to pay the shipping costs for the repair service?
0	The seller requires the use of PayPal to return my money.	I waited for my refund and the seller never responded.
0	The seller tells me to cancel the order to return the money	How long does the dispute center take my money back?
0	The seller has given me a tracking number that does not correspond to my order.	I placed an order, but they did not give me any tracking number.
0	I just placed an order but said the transaction was closed, I do not understand	I just ordered a product online, but I have not put the correct address, what can I do?
0	I just placed an order but said the transaction was closed, I do not understand	How can I cancel a product that I just made?
0	I have a pending refund	How do I request a refund?
0	I would like to know what happened to my dispute, I do not understand	I have a dispute about my order that has been closed.
0	I want to delete my credit card	I do not want to send my credit card statement.
0	Please let me know why one of my orders is canceled	Can you give me a discount?
0	Please let me know why one of my orders is canceled	How much money will they give me back?
0	I can not locate my order	Can I edit my order?
0	I have not received my order	My order has arrived. The items were somewhat damaged.
0	hello and look at the page you suggested but I can not change euros to pesos please help me?	Please, tell me how to change the delivery address.
0	because I can not open disputes and my account is disabled for security	How can I close this account?
0	How can I receive a refund through Doku?	How do I receive a refund through Maestro?
0	What does "Save card" mean on the payment page?	Bank transfer and Western Union do not appear as payment methods on the payment page.
0	How do I get a coupon?	How do I eliminate a coupon?
0	How can I find out where my order is?	Where is my coupon?
0	How can I remove items from my wish list?	Share my Wish List
0	How can I know the ID of other members?	Can I contact other buyers?
0	How can I know if they have shipped the products?	How do I cancel an order if the products have already been shipped?
0	How can I know if they have shipped the products?	How can I see the messages I have already sent?
0	How can I know if a provider accepts deposits or not?	How to know if my order is canceled or not?
0	How to reactivate my account?	How do I close my account?
0	How to reactivate my account?	How do I restore my account?
0	How do I request a refund?	How can I get a refund?
0	How long does it take to verify the documents?	How long will the products recently seen on the web be displayed?
1	How can I cancel an order that is in the process of being paid?	How can I cancel the order in Pending payment?
0	When will the order be canceled?	When will the amount of my order be updated after the seller changes it?
1	How much time is necessary to be able to recover the money from a failed transaction?	How long will it take to return the money from a failed transaction?
0	How long will the payment verification take?	My order was frozen after the order verification, because the seller is being investigated.
0	How many days are missing until it arrives?	Do I need to confirm merchandise received before it arrives?
0	In what situation will the refund be made?	Will the coupon be returned?
0	Is there an error in your payment options?	Is there a seller in North America?
0	Is there an error in your payment options?	Is there an order cancellation fee?
1	Why can not the order be sent to my country?	Why can not I ship the order to my country?
0	Why have a payment been discounted if I have not made a transaction?	I made a duplicate payment by mistake.
0	Why have a payment been discounted if I have not made a transaction?	Will the seller be notified if I have made the payment?
1	Why can not I use my credit card?	Why do not you accept my credit card?
1	Can I get the product to arrive faster?	Can I make the product arrive faster?
0	Can I know what is happening with my dispute?	How can I know if my order is coming?
0	Can I know what is happening with my dispute?	Why is my order closed with the payment deducted?
0	Can I know what is happening with my dispute?	Why is the dispute closed?
1	What should I do if my package is stopped at Customs?	The package is in the hands of the customs, how can I do the process?
0	What happens if the seller does not accept or reject my dispute within the indicated period?	What happens if the seller does not approve my cancellation request?
0	What does it mean - shipping address error?	What does Pending return shipping mean?
0	How to open a dispute for a finished order	How to open a dispute for a closed order.
0	How to contact the provider if the email address does not work	How do I contact the Case Management team?
0	How to use the refund of one order for another	When will I receive a refund for the order?
0	Cancel pending payment	I sent them my transfer, but it's still pending payment.
0	What is the shipping cost to China?	What is the name of the shipping company?
0	When will I receive my refund of the canceled order?	When will I receive my orders?
1	The tracking code is incorrect, I can not know where my order is	The tracking code is incorrect, so I can not know where my order is.
0	The provider does not help resolve my claim	How do I check my claim?
0	The provider is not online	Why is my order frozen even though the provider has already sent it?
0	The provider is not online	Where is the provider's response?
0	The seller agreed to return the money, how can I get it?	One of my orders was canceled by the seller. How can I receive my money back?
0	The seller agreed to return the money, how can I get it?	The product has been returned to the seller. When can I receive my money?
0	The seller is not responsible for the dispute	How do I change the reason for the dispute?
0	The seller does not extend the delivery period	The seller asked me to confirm the delivery before sending me the product.
0	Why have not they given me the shipping information for my order?	Why is the tracking ID given to me false?
0	Why have not they given me the shipping information for my order?	Why is there no more tracking information on my package?
0	What forms of payment are there?	What other way is there for me to make the payment?
0	What forms of payment are there?	I want to cancel my order, but the seller sent it anyway.
0	I opened a dispute, they agreed to make a refund of my money	I opened a dispute and the seller accepted.
0	I opened a dispute, they agreed to make a refund of my money	I have opened a dispute for my order, but the provider has rejected the refund request.
0	I accepted a dispute accidentally	How to cancel a dispute?
0	Help to know where an order is	I canceled an order Where is my money for the items?
0	Help to know where an order is	Where is your headquarters?
0	when they will approve my appeal	My appeal has been accepted, can I buy again?
0	when they will approve my appeal	I need to verify my email when I create an account.
0	hello I can not pay for my orders	Can I pay for my combined orders?
0	Hello, they have sent my package to another address but I can not open a dispute because my account is deactivated, what can I do?	How can I place an order if my account is deactivated?
0	Hello, they have sent my package to another address but I can not open a dispute because my account is deactivated, what can I do?	My privilege points have not been added to my account. What I can do?
0	Well my problem is that I created the account but the email is not correct	You do not accept my payment in Western Union. The reason is that the account number is not correct.
0	I want the order to go back to its course	What does "The supplier has partially sent your order" mean?
0	You will see my order has not arrived and my order appears as completed but I never received my product	I already made my payment, but it appears as not paid. What I do?
1	How to buy wholesale?	How do I buy wholesale?
0	How to check the status of the shipment?	How can I check the status of the claim?
0	How to get a refund if the product does not arrive?	If I ask now with UPS, how many days does the item arrive in my country?
0	How to choose the size or color?	How can I use the coupon or the coupon code?
0	How come my order is not approved?	I want my refund. How do I get the dispute resolved?
0	How come my order is not approved?	When will the amount of my order be updated after the seller changes it?
0	How to pay with a Visa card?	I am trying to pay with a Visa card and will not let me pay.
0	How can I activate my registration coupon?	How do I register a seller account?
0	How can I change the country?	How can I change the Spanish language to English?
0	How can I change the registration email address?	Please, tell me how to change the delivery address.
1	How can I sign out of my account?	How do I log out with my account?
0	How can I check if my delivery address is correct?	How do I change the delivery address?
0	How can I check if my delivery address is correct?	How can I correct my email address?
1	How can I earn points or get coupons?	How can I earn coupons?
1	How can I make changes to my profile?	How can I edit my profile?
1	How can I make changes to my profile?	How do I edit my member profile?
0	How can I make changes to my profile?	I can not find my member profile.
0	How can I make changes to my profile?	I can not log in to my account. What I can do?
0	How can I make a change?	How can I make a combined order?
0	How can I get a refund? I sent the product again.	Can I transfer the refund to my new order?
0	How can I get a refund? I sent the product again.	My order was canceled. How can I do it again?
0	How can I resume an order?	How can I place an order if my account is disabled?
0	How do I receive the tracking number of my order?	Where can I see the tracking number of my order?
1	How do I receive the tracking number of my order?	How to get the tracking number?
0	How to respond to a claim?	How to cancel a claim?
0	? Confirm the reception of the order?	Why has the deadline to confirm received order changed?
0	What is the solution to the dispute?	I want to accept the partial refund solution.
0	What is the solution to the dispute?	What is the status of the claim?
0	What are the typical cases of fraudulent activities?	What are the privilege points?
0	What are the available payments?	Are the sweaters authentic?
0	What are the available payments?	How much are the expenses by bank transfer?
0	When will I be able to get the full refund?	How long does a full refund take?
0	When will I be able to get the full refund?	When will I receive the refund after opening a dispute?
1	When will I receive a refund? Orders have been canceled	When will I receive a refund if the orders have been canceled?
0	When will I know the status of my items sent?	Can you send my articles to the address of the courier company?
0	How long will the provider take to process my order?	How long will it take for my order to be delivered?
0	How long will the provider take to process my order?	If I ask today, how long will it take to get to my country?
0	How long will the provider take to process my order?	How long will it take to get here?
1	How long can the seller take to approve my cancellation?	How long will the seller take to approve the cancellation of my order?
1	?Where is my product?	Where is my product?
0	Where can I write a complaint?	I can not write messages
1	Should I do something to get the refund?	How can I get a refund?
0	Is it possible to pay with a debit card?	I can not pay with a debit card.
0	Is there a maximum limit of transactions?	What is the maximum amount limit for a transaction?
1	? My order has been canceled, how do I place the order again?	My order has been canceled. How can I repeat it?
0	? My order is going to be sent by sea or air?	Why is my order canceled?
0	? My order is going to be sent by sea or air?	Why is my order closed?
0	Why have you canceled my order?	Why does my order post canceled?
0	Why is the account frozen?	Why is the product page not available?
1	Why have they charged me twice?	Why do they charge me twice?
0	Why is my shipping address not accepted?	Why is the shipping time so long?
0	Why has not my order been canceled?	Why has not my order been refunded after it was canceled?
0	Why has not my order been refunded after it was canceled?	Why do you say that my order has been closed?
1	Why have not I received the refund?	Why I have not received the refund of the order?
0	Why have not I received my refund?	Why have not I received an email with my new password?
0	Why can not I load my product?	Why can not I find the product in a store?
1	Why can not I buy my products?	Why can not I buy my products?
0	Why can not I buy my products?	Why can not I see my last orders?
0	Why is not the payment verified?	Why has the price been adjusted?
0	Why so much time for my refund?	What should I do to receive my refund?
1	Can I do dropshipping?	Can I do dropshipping?
1	Can I pay through PayPal?	Can I pay via PayPal?
0	What is the provider's phone number?	Can you give me the customer service phone number?
0	Who receives the payment by Western Union?	Why has my payment for Western Union failed?
1	Can you pay with a walmart wallet card?	Can I use a Walmart card?
0	Can you pay with a walmart wallet card?	Can I pay with a Chinese bank card?
0	Good morning, I have been trying to navigate the page for days and I have problems from several notebooks and PCs. I can not change the page to see the products purchased and I can not confirm receipt of the order since the page is not cap	I want to change the shipping address for an order awaiting payment, what can I do?
0	How can I transfer my money to the account	Can I transfer my payment for the closed order to another order?
0	How to complain to the seller	How can I leave a bad note to the seller?
0	How to complain to the seller	Can not I send images to the seller?
0	Change the reason for canceling the order	How can the seller change the sum of the order?
0	how do you spell right in spanish	Is my order delivered to my address?
1	I confirmed that I received the order by mistake.	Confirmed order received by mistake.
0	I confirmed that I received the order by mistake.	Why did I receive the error "The bank account number is not valid"?
1	When will I receive my refund?	I would like to know when I will receive my refund.
0	How long does your dispute center take my money back?	The order was canceled, how long will the money take to return to my credit card?
0	what is the local shipping company	What is the Wish List?
0	Leave the measurements in the comments box to the suppliers. ?Is that correct?	When buying goods from different sellers, will all orders be exported in the same box?
0	Leave the measurements in the comments box to the suppliers. ?Is that correct?	Can I leave ratings for suppliers?
0	Inside my shopping cart do not appear my purchased products	My purchases were sent to a number that is not my house.
0	The tracking number can not locate the shipment	Give us the tracking number.
0	The order has been frozen just after paying	Why has not my order been refunded after it was canceled?
0	The product is not the same as the advertisement.	The product that I bought does not work.
1	The tracking of my order does not work	My tracking number never works.
0	The seller says he will not ship the product	I try to pay, but says that the system is not available.
0	The seller says that it is not possible to send me the product	I do not understand English well, is it possible to speak Russian?
0	The seller reports a tracking code and can not be found	The tracking code written on the web is wrong.
1	The seller was not honest	The seller was not honest.
0	The seller was not honest	I want help finding an honest provider.
0	The seller is not reliable	I received an email with the notice that the seller is suspected of fraudulent activity.
0	The seller has not shipped the products	I have returned the products, but the order has been completed.
0	The seller has not shipped the products	How do I change a valuation in the seller and the products?
0	In this store they ask me for more money although they are promoting their articles claiming they do not earn money, and they want me to pay them several euros over their promotional value TOP-VIP Store	I did not understand the way in which the money will be reimbursed.
0	How can I get a refund? I sent the product again.	How can I get an invoice?
0	How to recover a coupon?	How do I use more than one coupon in an order?
0	What is the status now?	What is the coupon for VIP members?
0	When can I receive the refund?	How long can I receive the refund?
0	How long does it take to ship to my country?	How long does it take to get to my country?
1	Where is the Contact Now button?	Where is the Contact Now button?
0	How long can I receive my order?	Can I receive my order on Friday?
0	Why is there no response to my claim?	Why does not my claim progress?
0	What is Pending Payment?	What is Pending receiving?
0	Will there be a separate shipment of all the items in the cart? or will they all arrive at the same time?	I want to ask if all the sellers are from China or there are other sellers.
0	Someone has made a transaction with my credit card	I am trying to pay with a Visa credit card, but it always says that the payment has failed.
0	I still do not receive the refund	I paid via Western Union, how do I receive the refund?
0	Tracking button does not work	I did not receive a tracking number.
0	as a contact to the seller	How do I contact the customer service team?
0	The seller closed the dispute	The seller accepted the terms of the dispute, but there has been no refund.
0	the seller has canceled the shipment	I paid for an order, but it was canceled. The seller has not returned the money.
0	hello, a seller sent my package to another incorrect address,	I have entered an incorrect delivery address.
0	The merchandise received is not the agreed one	The seller has sent the goods to the wrong number.
0	I made the claim and I blocked your message tray	I placed the order, but they suddenly raised the price.
0	It puts me that the order is closed and that I must appeal	The order was closed by the system because the seller is suspicious.
0	It puts me that the order is closed and that I must appeal	In my order it says that I have not paid, but I can see the payment in my bank account.
0	My name is Francisco, I wanted to know if there are shipping problems in China ??	I forgot to put my name in the shipping address.
1	I need to talk to an agent	I need to talk to a person.
0	I have not received the goods and the dispute time has closed, what can I do?	The dispute has closed automatically, what can I do?
1	I can not pay for my order a month ago	I can not pay for my order, what can I do?
1	I can not pay for my order a month ago	I can not pay for my order with my card.
1	I want to talk to a commercial	I want to contact a human.
0	I have a query .. my appeal is approved. Is it now if I can pay for my orders?	I can not find my order It does not come out.
0	Good afternoon, I opened a dispute with the seller because of a merchandise I bought and I was defective, but my application had disappeared from the list and I did not even have a return	I would like to pay half with a credit card and the other half with another credit card.
0	I think it's a seller scam	What can I do if the seller's score is not reliable?
1	When can I talk to a human?	I would like to speak with a customer service agent.
0	the seller canceled the order	Did the seller send my order?
1	Hello I did not receive the money from my refund of my canceled order	My order is canceled and I want my money back.
1	the buyer's protection has ended	What is Buyer Protection?
0	the buyer's protection has ended	Do I have buyer protection?
0	I would like to know how long it will take to contact me for the dispute that I have opened	Are you going to give me the shipping information?
0	I wanted to check for the status of a purchase I made recently because I got an error sign indicating that the purchase could not be processed but before trying a payment again, check if the payment was made	The seller asked me to confirm the delivery before sending me the product.
0	I want to communicate with a consultant	I want to pay with debit.
1	How to change the email in my account?	I want to change my email address because the old one was hacked, how can I do it?
1	How to change the reception address?	How can I change the reception address?
0	How to change the reception address?	I confirmed the receipt of the articles by mistake. How do I change the state?
1	How to change my address?	I want to change my address.
0	How can I indicate that I am online?	How do I get information about my order?
0	How can I indicate that I am online?	I am not satisfied with the service I received. How can I leave a valuation?
1	How to get in touch with the dispute team?	How do I contact the dispute team?
0	How can I change the registration email address?	How to hide the email address
1	How can I change the registration email address?	I need to change my email address.
0	How can I cancel a purchase that has not been paid?	How can I prove that I paid by bank transfer?
0	How can I cancel a purchase that has not been paid?	I paid for my purchase, but I stated that there was no payment.
1	How can I check if my delivery address is correct?	How can I check if they have my correct address for the shipment?
1	How can I check the status of the order?	How do I know the status of the order?
0	How can I find products or previous sellers?	How can I delete previous orders?
0	How can I find products or previous sellers?	How can I find the assessment I left?
0	How can I get my refund?	Can I get some samples?
0	How can I know if they have sent the products?	What to do if the seller has sent the products with the wrong courier service?
0	How can I know if the payment has been made?	I want to know if the provider has received the payment or not.
0	How can I know if a supplier accepts deposits or not?	How can you know if a seller is legitimate?
0	How can I have my own store?	If I use my credit card, can I have buyer protection?
0	How is the processing time extended?	Why can not I extend the processing time?
0	How can you find a product identification number?	I want to know how to find the product.
1	How to use the guarantee?	How do I use the Guarantee Service?
0	When are my products going to be shipped?	My products do not work.
0	When will the order be canceled?	When will the refund be approved and when will I receive it?
0	When do I have the refund?	How do I check if I have the refund or not?
0	How much time do I have to return a package?	Return a defective item.
0	How many days are missing until it arrives?	Can you tell me how many days it usually takes to complete a claim?
0	How many days are missing until it arrives?	Until we complete the verification, you will not be able to place an order.
0	Where should I go to follow my order?	What should I do if my payment with WebMoney has failed?
0	Where should I go to follow my order?	Can I change my valuation for the order?
0	Where should I go to follow my order?	There is no valuation score for my order.
0	Where is the product?	Is the product in stock?
0	Where can I see the Grievance Center?	Where can I see my account?
0	Where can I see the provider's response?	No response from the provider after a consultation.
0	Where can I see the provider's response?	Where can I see the coupon code when I place the order?
1	Is the order number also the tracking number?	Is the order number and the tracking number the same?
0	Is the order number also the tracking number?	The tracking number does not work.
0	Are there any errors in your payment options?	Is there an order cancellation fee?
0	Is there any way to pay in cash?	Is there any way you can combine orders from different sellers in one shipment?
0	Are the products of the order sent together or separately?	Payment before or after receiving the products?
0	Should my credit card be international to buy on this page?	What is this page for?
1	Can you help me follow my order?	Can you help me keep track of my order?
0	Why do I take charge of an order to my card, but I do not get any mail from the confirmation of the sale or I appear to have made an order?	Why have I received an order from another person?
1	Why can not I leave comments for my order?	Why can not I leave valuation for my order?
1	Why was the payment not approved?	Why the payment has not been verified?
0	Why is my order returned?	Why was my order closed?
0	Why is my order returned?	Why is the order not shown in my account?
0	Can I pay in cash?	How can I pay for my orders in one payment?
0	Can I have a receipt for my payment?	How do I receive a refund for SMS Payment?
0	What comments did I give?	I want to change comments.
1	What should I do if my package is stopped at Customs?	The package is in the hands of the customs, how can I do the process?
1	What happens if the seller does not send the order before the end of the processing time	What happens if the seller does not send my order before the processing time?
0	If I try again, will not be double charged?	What to do if the page does not load?
0	Will I only pay for the cost of the products and everything?	How do I change a valuation in the seller and the products?
0	to colombia because company arrives the shipments	Can you send my articles to the address of the courier company?
0	where the refund is made	Can you give me the web page where to track my order?
0	where the refund is made	Is the coupon automatically applied?
0	to the address they told me	The seller told me I could reopen the dispute.
0	to date I do not receive a refund of my money	My money has been withdrawn from my bank, but I do not receive confirmation.
0	At the time of payment, it tells me to put the number of the card with balance	Please, give me the help line number.
0	to whom do I put the payment?	What is the name of the shipping company?
0	besides answering the security questions	How to deal with the fees?
0	Despite having read some of the questions that solve doubts, I do not understand very well the status of my order	The seller says that the payment has not been received after completing the order. What I can do?
0	To which electronic address can I send the documents for verification?	I can not send the messages.
0	what is referred to in "Reformed" condition instead of new?	There is no size option, can I leave a message instead?
0	to which email I write to be able to expose if case	What do I write in the account number on the Western Union form?
0	to which email I write to be able to expose if case	How do I write a review?
0	What mail did I send the image to?	I can not upload a JPEG image.
0	at what time are working customer service	I can not send an email to customer service.
0	at the same time he told me to make a report	This is the first time that I place an order.
0	I have not received the refund yet	I have not received the tracking number yet.
1	I have not received the refund yet	I have not received my refund.
0	I opened a dispute because the cell I received was reset	The seller does not have the product for which I paid.
1	I opened a dispute a few days ago	Open dispute a month ago and I'm still waiting for an answer.
1	I opened a dispute that is now over but I have not received the refund	I have not received the refund after the dispute ended.
0	I opened a dispute, I reached an agreement with the seller and it was not fulfilled. what I do	I opened a dispute and I did not get a response from the seller.
0	abru a dispute because I received a broken product	I did not receive an answer for an order that has an escalating dispute.
0	abru a dispute because I received a broken product	I have opened a dispute because the matter has not been followed for quite some time.
0	ACA IN CORREOS DE CHILE INFORMED ME THAT IT WAS RETURNED TO CHINA	What happens if the item was returned because it had high customs taxes?
0	I just placed an order, where to get the receipt?	I want to track an order.
0	I HAVE PERFORMED THE INTERBANK TRANSFER OF AN ORDER	How can I cancel a product that I just made?
0	I just made a payment	Should I contact the seller before making the payment?
0	I just received an email that my order has been canceled for non-payment	How can I cancel a product that I just made?
0	Accidentally press a button to confirm the order and the products I have not received them	How can I receive the tracking information for the products I have ordered?
0	do you accept ocean pay debit card?	Do you accept Discover card?
0	accept or reject the seller's offer	Is buyer protection a service given automatically or is there a fee?
0	About my account has some problem	I have a problem with my shipment tracking.
0	according to the seller the refund and has not done anything	What happens if the time runs out and the seller has not sent my order?
0	I currently have an open dispute and the truth is that I do not know what steps to follow from now on	I have a Business credit card that is not accepted.
0	It is also a small envelope in the ass could not fit the purchased item	I live in China. Is the shipment free?
0	I am also asked for a quantity of private information that I can not provide for security.	The amount of the invoice is not the same as that of the orders.
0	where I go to order my rings	I can not find the button to track my order.
0	personal agent please	Loading. Please wait.
0	Oh okay, I mean what's a general problem?	I have a problem with my shipment.
0	there is the order number, with can you help me?	How do I make a payment with the refund of an order?
0	Now I must leave and I can`t continue	How much do I have to pay for taxes and customs fees?
0	Now I must leave and I can`t continue	How can I place an order that I do not want to pay now?
0	Now the seller does not answer my messages	What do I have to do when a seller does not answer my emails?
0	now I ask again	Are not they shipping the product now?
0	Now the orders appear to me to make them again, and at the same time in transit	Why do not I see the orders on the website?
1	now I get messages that my orders are being held in customs	I have not received my products. Retained by Customs.
0	Now he asks me to contact you and change the option to "I do not want the product anymore". When that is not true. See messages sent and received	My purchases were sent to a number that is not my house.
0	I now receive a message saying the following:	Why do I receive emails saying my order is closed?
1	Now I had an email where I said that my order has been canceled because I have not paid	I received an email saying that my order has been canceled for non-payment.
0	now I see that the charge has been made to my two cards	If I cancel an order that I have made, will all the money be returned to me?
0	now I see that the charge has been made to my two cards	In my order it says that I have not paid, but I have.
1	Now, I got the vouchers, but I can not access that account, since I do not create a user, so I do not have a password	I try to access my account, but it will not let me.
0	When writing my NAME and SURNAME rejects them for not being ENGLISH	The seller rejects my refund request.
0	In the end yesterday I transport the car with a crane to a workshop and with a simple multi-brand diagnosis, files that I have sent to him and are posted at http://tinypic.com/	I place an order to be shipped with FedEx and the supplier sends it with China Post.
0	In the end yesterday I transport the car with a crane to a workshop and with a simple multi-brand diagnosis, files that I have sent to him and are posted at http://tinypic.com/	When I receive the email with my order I click on it, but it says that I can not see it.
0	In the end I had to cancel the order, thanks for nothing	I can not see the order I paid for.
0	In the end I had to cancel the order, thanks for nothing	I need to cancel the orders I have made.
0	In the end the offers will be passed and I can not place my order because your payment system does not advance. I have already bought more times with that card without any problem and I see that as the day goes by, the available stocks go down.	I have asked for things and I want to know when they will be sent.
0	when buying a product, this does not let me tell me that I have to appeal	I try to register and he tells me that the service is not available.
0	When paying with my credit card it says "error of payment"	I would like to pay half with a credit card and the other half with another credit card.
0	apparently there is a confusion with a seller	I would like to send a query about purchases to the seller.
1	By putting the name of the street tells me that I should put it in English ?, I can not change the name	The name of the street is wrong. What I can do?
0	When making a purchase, you can not pay with any new card that you add	Can I pay with a Brazilian card?
1	When making a purchase, you can not pay with any new card that you add	I can not pay with a card.
0	By using the coupon and paying I cancel only the order	Why did I give an error when placing the order here?
0	SOMEONE CAN CALL ME TO TALK ABOUT MY ORDERS THAT DO NOT APPEAR ON ANY SITE	Do you have a contact number I can call to talk about my dispute, please?
0	can someone help me I want to know what is happening now, my appeal was approved, they sent me my order or I already lost the offer ????	I would like my products to be sent to a new address.
0	can someone help me I want to know what is happening now, my appeal was approved, they sent me my order or I already lost the offer ????	I did not place an order Someone used my card.
0	can someone talk to me?	Can you put your Account Security Team in contact with me?
0	can someone talk to me?	Can you communicate with me in Russian?
0	Someone uses my email address	I want to send my Wish List to someone.
0	Any agent that is a person?	What do I do if a person keeps changing the price?
0	Any agent that is a person?	A transaction has been made on my credit card by someone else. What I can do?
0	some problem with futbol sd eibar shirts, madrid, barcelona	There is a problem with my account.
0	Can someone help me?	Why have I received an order from another person?
0	Some options do not work	How do events work?
0	Some options do not work	How do discount coupons work?
0	Some options do not work	There is no bank transfer in the payment options.
0	extend the protection time and still do not send it	I have been charged, but the order is still pending payment.
0	Last night I was talking to a girl named Kayla	He says he does not sell to this country.
0	Last night I placed an order and canceled it	I placed an order, but they closed it for me.
0	PREVIOUSLY I HAVE DONE IT, CALL MY BANK AND TELL ME THAT EVERYTHING IS NORMAL, BUT I CAN NOT NOSE CAN PAY	If I cancel an order that I have made, will all the money be returned to me?
0	before anything good morning eva	Should I confirm the products before they arrive?
0	He used to tell me that he did not have permission to enter. now it turns out that if you have entered the page	If they freeze the order, what can I do to get the money back?
0	Before if it could be true?	If I ask several different sellers, will my orders be sent together?
0	I used to have benefits in my account and now I do not	Why have I put things in my Basket and now they are gone?
0	I used to have a very long wish list	How do I add products to my Wish List?
0	I used to live in China and my account has identified my country as China	I want my products sent to my agent in China.
0	I used to live in China and my account has identified my country as China	I want to send my product to China, but I can not find it in the list of countries.
1	cancel an order and I have not received the refund on the card	I have not received the refund and my order has been canceled.
0	cancel an order and I have not received the refund on the card	Order canceled by the seller, and I have not received the money.
0	It appears as closed ... but the money has not been returned	I have paid for my order, but the payment has not been successful and they charged me the money.
0	APPEARS AS A DELIVERED ORDER. BUT I HAVE NOT BEEN GIVEN ANYTHING. WHAT I DO?'	They say they sent me an email, but I do not know where.
0	it appears that they are returning the payment and I want the products I try to appeal and I can not attach the PDF with the information they ask me	The received products stopped working and the seller does not respond.
1	an error message appears	I need to pay for my order, but I still get an error message.
0	A shark appears in the middle of a road ...	I want a job in a company.
0	A shark appears in the middle of a road ...	Why does the closed dispute appear in my order?
0	Credit card appeal	How do I pay with a credit card?
0	I'm attended by a person	I made a purchase and he did not answer me.
0	so carry out but the charge is not made and the products continue to appear as pending and send me an error	The supplier raises the price of the products and requires an extra payment.
0	so have an appeal in progress?	Refund in a different account.
0	so have an appeal in progress?	How long does it take to end a dispute?
0	Customer service does not work	I can not send an email to customer service.
1	attention to the personal client please	Customer service phone
0	service an online executive	How do I leave a message on my order?
0	EVEN SO I CAN NOT MAKE MY PURCHASE	How can you secure my purchase?
0	even when they are canceled	Do I pay for the products when I order or when they deliver them?
0	I still await response from the seller	How can I report misconduct by the seller?
1	I have not received the refund of my orders yet	I have not received the refund, what can I do?
0	I have not received the refunds yet	I received the articles, how to confirm it?
0	I still have not received an answer about verification of the payment made, today eight days ago I made it.	My order was sent but I have not received it.
0	I have not yet been reimbursed for my money after the resolution of the dispute and almost a month has passed	Open dispute a month ago and I'm still waiting for an answer.
0	I still do not know anything about a product not received	I received a defective product.
0	Although I'm still interested in the product, but after seven months I still do not receive it, I think the best thing is a refund	Why do I keep getting an error when I try to pay for my things?
0	automatically the app used the coupons I had to make them without me being able to remove them.	I have changed the card I used for the order.
0	Notice: You have not reached an agreement with the seller. The amount of the refund will be that of the previous proposal. Submit a resource If you are not satisfied with the outcome of the dispute or with the attention that we have given you, you can pres	Where can I see the outcome of the dispute?
1	Help me to reconfigure my language to English.	Can you change my page to English, please?
0	Help me to reconfigure my language to English.	I want to cancel it and ask again.
0	Yesterday after chatting with a partner ... very well indeed ...	Why does the seller require shipping cost for a product with free shipping?
0	Yesterday I placed the order and today I have done it again, I am worried that they will approve me twice.	I've already paid, but it seems like I did not.
0	Yesterday I placed the order and today I have done it again, I am worried that they will approve me twice.	I have not received the order and the tracking number they gave me is wrong.
0	Yesterday I placed an order I paid but the email is not mine I'm wrong	I placed the order, but they suddenly raised the price.
1	Yesterday I placed an order but it has been rejected by you	I placed an order, but they closed it for me.
0	Yesterday I did some consultations x a package that has not arrived	I can not locate the order I made.
0	yesterday I made the deposit of my order through the payment market deposited in an oxxo	How do I make a payment with the refund of an order?
0	yesterday I made the deposit of my order through the payment market deposited in an oxxo	I have paid with DOKU. Why is the status of the order still pending?
0	Yesterday I received the order and it does not come in its original packaging	I paid, but I did not receive the order.
0	Yesterday, I was asked for a proof of email from where the order is. what do I do now	Now an email has arrived that says that my order has been canceled because I did not pay.
0	yesterday and now again	Can you send me the goods again if I have already paid?
0	help from a person in Spanish	How can I contact a customer service person via telephone?
0	help from a person in Spanish	I can not open a dispute. I need your help.
0	well I sent it to your same address	Can I register another account with the same email address?
0	Button to expedite the process	Where is the Chat button now?
0	Good day there are several closed orders that have not arrived	Eliminate closed orders
1	Good day, I am following up the request several days ago, the seller does not respond.	The seller does not answer me.
0	Good day. I am following up on my request several days ago. The seller has not responded, can you help me?	The provider has not responded to my emails.
0	good day I write to track an order	How do I enter the tracking number when returning an order?
0	good day I want to know how the status of my refund of a purchase that is not authorized	How is PayPal used as a method of refund?
0	How do I change the card that is by default?	What is the default address?
0	Why does the country select button not appear?	Why does not the button in the basket work?
0	What do I do when I have received a product that I have not ordered?	I received a defective product.
0	What happens when an order closes?	Why is my order not shown?
0	I already made my payment yesterday, what is the procedure?	On the website it says that my order has already been delivered, but I have not received it.
0	WHAT TIME DOES YOUR SYSTEM DISCOUNT?	He says he does not sell to this country.
0	I opened a dispute about an order, the agreement was that I have to return the product to get the refund	Do I have to pay commissions for a refund?
0	I opened an account and now it appears blocked	Are there discount coupons in my account now?
0	I opened a dispute they asked me to send proofs, I already sent them but it appears that they did not receive them	I've already paid, but it seems like I did not.
0	Open dispute about lack of order	I am not able to open a dispute.
0	open a dispute and contact a dispute is the same?	It is impossible to open a dispute.
0	I just entered my profile	I misspelled the name in my profile.
0	I just spoke with emails, until the shipment does not arrive, the responsibility is that of the sender	How can I cancel a product that I just made?
0	I just ordered the order but I was wrong in the size	The seller sent me the wrong size.
1	They accept payments with VISA OR MASTERCARD card	Do you accept Debit Visa?
0	Where are you my profile ?????? Old	How do I edit my member profile?
0	Customs asks me for a purchase receipt	The seller now asks me for more money for the product.
0	Customs asks me for a purchase receipt	How do I receive a refund from WebMoney?
0	agira with what confidence can I ask for a product	Is *** a trusted seller?
0	ahh, I have an appeal	Can I use PayPal to pay since I do not have a credit card?
0	When I said that I did not want to cancel it, because it is the one I like, they send me a new email the next day they tell me that it is out of stock. Do not you think all this is wrong?	It seems to me that all products are misleading advertising.
0	At the time of payment, I found out that there was an error, but when checking the account statement, the money was discounted	I wonder the status of my dispute.
0	someone to answer my questions in Spanish	Someone used my email address to open an account.
0	appears as canceled the purchase	I made the payment by Ticket, but it still appears as pending payment.
0	the order appears as canceled	The order is not as described.
0	I have not yet had an answer to my appeal	I have not heard of my escalating dispute. What I can do?
0	they still do not give me an answer, and I need to continue doing some shopping	I wonder if there is any answer for my escalated dispute.
0	I still can not make a payment	How can I pay all my orders with a payment?
1	I still do not know anything about the dispute	I opened a dispute and, for now, nothing.
0	Yesterday I placed an order is paid and does not come out in my orders	I need to cancel an order, but there is no option to cancel on My Orders.
0	Yesterday I placed an order is paid and does not come out in my orders	How can I pay for my orders in one payment?
0	Yesterday I placed an order and it is not in my orders	How can I pay for my orders in one payment?
0	Good day I would need to know if the disputes I had to make already have the refund made	I want to know if my order has been placed.
0	good afternoon, it turns out that the protection of the product was finished but I did not get an email notifying that it was about to end and I still have not received the product.	I returned the product and I have not received the replacement or refund.
0	good afternoon, I still do not receive my order	I need to pay for my order, but I still get an error message.
0	good afternoon because my payment has not been credited	Why was my package returned?
1	good afternoon, about four months ago I made two purchases at two store bought some watches and this is the date and I have not received the order. I went to	I paid for my order and I have not received it.
0	Good afternoon, I placed an order and the charge was already made to my credit card, but I got an email saying that the payment was not accepted, I want my refund	I placed an order before and the order was not completed because the seller was suspended.
0	GOOD AFTERNOON, I WAS SENT A PRODUCT AND THEY HAVE NOT SENT ME AND HAVE ELIMINATED A FOLLOWING OF DHL AND NOW THEY HAVE MADE ME ANOTHER ... ALL THAT WHEN I HAVE COMPLAINED	I have been given a tracking number for products destined in another country.
0	Good afternoon. My payment is not registered	How do I check if my payment was made?
0	good if you see in my messages	How do I get my refund if I do not receive an answer to my requests?
0	Good morning I want to change the address for future shipments, but it tells me that I have to put it in English.	I am unable to change my email address. He says it's already in use.
0	good morning, they tell me that I have an open appeal, I already answered them and I sent them what they asked me, I do not understand why if I did not pay, cancel the order and buy other gloves, when I saw it I did not notice and I thought of another you canceled and I'm p	I have not received the order and the tracking number they gave me is wrong.
0	good morning, make two purchases on Friday	The supplier changes the price immediately after you place the order. What I can do?
0	Good morning, if the order does not arrive, will the money be returned?	If I ask now with UPS, how many days does the item arrive in my country?
0	Change email address by mistake	I confirmed the items by mistake.
0	I EXPOSE THE DELIVERY CONFIRMATION	I can not change the delivery address, what to do?
0	cancel my order but I was rejected by what I can do	I placed an order, but they closed it for me.
0	THEY CHARGED AN ORDER THAT DOES NOT EXIST AND SEND THE EMAIL AS THEY TOLD ME AND I RECEIVED NO RESPONSE	I have already paid for the order and it appears as Suspicious Order.
0	how to change the cost of Euros to US Dollars once the operation has already been carried out, that is to say, they should be included in my orders as in Argentina I must pay customs tax inUs dollars	I am unable to change my email address. He says it's already in use.
1	How do I change the shipping address of an order	How do I change the delivery address?
1	How do I change the shipping address of an order	How do I change the shipping address?
0	How do I change the shipping address of an order	How do I change the rating stars?
0	How do I change my visa card number?	Can my Visa gift card work?
0	How to cancel an order already sent	I have already paid for the order and it appears as Suspicious Order.
0	How to cancel an order already sent	How to cancel an open dispute?
0	How do I get a refund without dispute	I have an unresolved dispute.
0	How do I get a refund without dispute	Can I trust a seller without reviews?
0	How is the refund process	I sent an appeal for a credit card, how do I consult the process?
0	How is the money transaction if it is safe to buy how long it takes for the product to arrive that dares with customs	I have paid once, but the money charged is as if I had paid twice.
0	How do I track my product?	They do not accept Business or commercial cards.
0	How do I track my product?	Do you accept PayPal as a payment option?
0	How disputes work	I'd like to talk to someone from the dispute team.
0	How do I generate the order on the page?	How do I consult the website in Russian?
0	How do I automatically track the active system, the reception and the value, and I DO NOT RECEIVE THE ORDER	I have a dispute and the company has not done anything to solve the problem.
0	How do I send proof of payment?	Can they make custom dresses? If I send them a picture, can they do the same?
0	How do I deposit the refund money?	I did not receive a refund of my money. Two months have passed. When will they return the money?
0	How paid. they do not allow me	I made the payment by Ticket, but it still appears as pending payment.
0	How can I change the payment method?	I made the payment, but it appears as not paid.
0	as I can do the seller raised the price and told me he was going to make the return but so far he does not return the payment	I paid for the order and the seller writes me that there is not, what to do?
0	How can I pay for all the items together?	Do all the orders come together?
1	How can I get in touch with a seller?	How can I get in contact with the seller?
0	How can I remove the orders received from my order list?	Multiple orders are sent as one?
0	How can I remove the orders received from my order list?	How do I pay for all orders in my Shopping Basket?
0	How can I track my product	Can I receive my product with cash on delivery?
0	How can I know if my payment has already been evaluated and accepted?	How can I know if my product was sent?
0	How can I know if my product was sent?	I would like to know why my order was canceled.
1	How do I recover my password	How can I reset my password?
0	how I recover an order canceled by mistake	Confirmed by mistake received order.
0	how I recover an order canceled by mistake	I want to cancel the order. There is an error.
0	how to get the mobile account from the page with a browser	I want to reactivate the account.
0	How do you open a dispute about a canceled order?	How do I open a dispute for a completed order?
0	How do I know how long my order takes?	Is my order delivered to my address?
0	how can I pay my order	How can I pay for my entire order with a payment?
0	buy two smart wristbands and one of them does not work has stopped working	I try to use the discount code and today it does not work.
0	buy two smart wristbands and one of them does not work has stopped working	I have a debit card and it has no expiration date.
0	I bought elephone phone in store store and sent it too late, it is more likely that they do not have the product	Can you confirm that the product is in stock?
0	I bought an item, but the seller indicated a lower price of the real one and the customs of my country I return it	The supplier raises the price of the products and requires an extra payment.
0	I bought an item, but the seller indicated a lower price of the real one and the customs of my country I return it	How to see the price of a product?
0	I bought a mobile I was late but when I got there the microphone did not work	They say they sent me an email, but I do not know where.
1	with someone who is not a robot	I do not want to connect to a robot.
0	with whom I can communicate to give me a solution	How can I get the order sent to me quickly?
0	contact a Spanish operator	How can I contact a seller if it is not already listed?
1	contact a representative	I need to speak with a representative.
0	email to contact	I receive an email that a new email has arrived.
0	THING THAT HAD NEVER HAPPENED IN A SHIPMENT, COLLECTED TAXES.	I never received a refund.
0	I think a salesman has cheated me	I have been charged for something I have not asked for.
0	What is the security code?	Is the safety of the products regulated?
0	What is the way to pay with the refund money that you made me	The seller told me to cancel the order to return the money. What I can do?
1	WHEN IN ORDER LOCATION SHOWS THIS! Processing of funds! WHAT DOES IT MEAN	What does the Funds Processing state mean?
0	when I give him pay he only gives me the price of an article	How to see the price of a product?
0	WHEN I GET A TRACK NUMBER OF DHL BUT I DO NOT FIND THE TRACK PORQ	I have been charged, but the order is still pending payment.
0	when they will return my refund	It gives me an error when I try to buy.
0	when they will return my refund	Why do not I receive a refund for the order?
0	When payment I get error in payment	Do I need to log in to the DOKU account when I make the payment?
0	When I select all the products, the cost of the shipment I want it to be that of a single product	How can I pay for all my products in the shopping cart in one payment?
0	When I select all the products, the cost of the shipment I want it to be that of a single product	When I buy a product in the Basket, the promotion price is not available.
0	when the holiday period ends. I see that the supplier did not send my order and he does not answer	The seller discounted the price, but when I place the order I see the previous price.
0	when I opened the disputes	They charged me on my credit card when I never bought them anything.
0	when I opened the disputes	Do they return the coins when I cancel an order paid in advance?
0	HOW MUCH TIME SHOULD I WAIT FOR REIMBURSEMENT	Why should I wait for the seller to answer my dispute?
1	how long it takes for a refund	How long can I receive the refund?
0	how long does it take for an appeal	How long is a dispute?
0	how long does it take for an appeal	I sent an appeal for a credit card, how do I consult the process?
0	there must be an easy way I can not waste more time to change a few simple numbers	Is there a way to make delivery faster?
0	Should I pay for the shipping costs of a product that I sent for repair?	How much do I have to pay for taxes and customs fees?
0	I must wait for the refund to make a new order	I have canceled my order, when can I expect a refund?
0	Should I do it one by one of each item of the order or would there be some way to open a dispute for the total order?	I paid with WebMoney. Why is the status of the order still Pending payment?
0	I decided to return the money and I'm still waiting.	Open dispute a month ago and I'm still waiting for an answer.
0	from the month of April request an order	I want to track an order.
0	I WISH TO COMMUNICATE WITH THE ASH OPERATOR	What is the situation with my dispute?
0	I WANT TO USE ANOTHER, BECAUSE THE PREVIOUS ONE	Can you send me the goods again if I have already paid?
0	sorry I have a doubt because my order has not been sent	Why my order has been closed by Not sent?
0	where I change my payment card	How do I change my email address?
0	where I change my payment card	I receive an error message when I make my payment with a credit card.
0	where is my order and it appears as delivered	I already made my payment, but it appears as not paid. What I do?
0	Where the card with which you pay appears	I have changed the card I used for the order.
0	Where can I start chat ????	I can not log in to my account. What I can do?
0	Where can I see how long I have a guarantee	Where can I see the tracking number?
0	Where can I see how long I have a guarantee	Can I ask about the processing time?
0	and canceled an order by mistake	I made a duplicate payment by mistake.
0	I canceled an order by mistake as I can restore it	I confirmed the order by mistake.
0	cash, I get the card and I do not want to use it anymore	I have sent photo of my ID and credit card. What is going to happen?
0	I have canceled an order by mistake	My order was canceled due to suspicion, how to receive a refund?
0	the money was already returned a week ago	How do I get my money back?
1	the dispute form does not work	The dispute form does not work.
0	The dispute form is not displayed correctly	I have filled out the dispute form, how do I receive my refund?
1	The tracking number does not work	My tracking number never works.
0	The other day I bought and canceled an order now it is in final status but it is charged on my credit card	I have been charged for the payment, but it is not reflected in the order.
0	The payment is on my debit card and if I have resources. in fact last night I did some shopping without problems	How do I pay for my debit purchases?
0	The order is incomplete	The order was closed, the system is pending to make the refund.
0	The order is paid and appears as NOT paid, please solve	I have paid and my order has been canceled by email.
0	I placed the order more than a month ago	Open dispute a month ago and I'm still waiting for an answer.
0	The order received is not the agreed one	I have not received the coupon.
0	The product will not arrive and will not let me open a dispute	The system does not let me pay.
0	the supplier sent a package with a single order number for two different customers	How much time do I have to return a package?
0	received the wireless selfie stick and I ordered it with cable	What happens if the order has no tracking and I have not received it?
0	received the wireless selfie stick and I ordered it with cable	Is the order number and the tracking number the same?
0	The refund has an error in the exchange rate	What is the exchange rate of the dollar for today on the purchase of production on your page?
0	the protection time ended	How long does the processing time take?
0	the protection time ended	Can I shorten the processing time?
0	the seller approved the cancellation, when I receive the refund?	The seller does not want to approve the refund.
0	the seller approved the cancellation, when I receive the refund?	The seller agreed to reimburse the money, how do I receive it?
0	the seller closed the dispute	The seller told me I could reopen the dispute.
0	the seller says I have not paid	I wonder when I will receive the item I paid for.
0	the seller says that they will not pay me	The seller told me that it is not possible to send me the article.
0	the seller tells me to generate purchase order and they will change the price so I can buy	What do you do then, if you can not contact the seller?
0	the seller asked me to cancel my order due to messaging problems in Mexico	Will I be refunded if the seller fails to send my order?
0	the seller asked me to cancel my order due to messaging problems in Mexico	The seller sends me the package by free shipping instead of EMS.
0	The seller does not answer the messages	How do I send messages to the seller?
0	the seller does not answer my message	How do I respond to the seller's message?
0	the seller did not send me the product and it has blocked me	The seller now asks me for more money for the product.
0	the seller was left to send me the pieces to fix a bracelet I bought a few months ago, because it came with a factory defect, still nothing happens that I should do?	A dispute open some time ago. The seller does not say anything.
0	The seller refuses to give me the guarantee of a damaged product	Can you give me the name and address of the seller?
0	the seller raised the price after placing the order and does not accept that cancel the order	The seller does not respect the order.
0	the seller has a price charged me more expensive	The seller no longer has stock of the item.
0	In August I placed an order with a guest session	I have not placed an order, but I received a payment email.
1	in the status of my order says delivered and nothing has come to me	On the website it says that my order has already been delivered, but I have not received it.
0	Waiting for reception which means	What does Pending payment mean?
0	in the description of it, comes a large clock printed on the sheet (in the rest of the sheets, no, only that) thinking it was a watermark or similar	How can I pay for all my products in the shopping cart in one payment?
0	in my dispute the order was already received if I cancel the dispute they would give the money to the seller	I opened a dispute, but the seller rejected it and kept my money.
0	in my dispute the order was already received if I cancel the dispute they would give the money to the seller	What will happen if the seller approves the dispute?
0	understand that I have been waiting for the product for more than four months	I'm waiting for the mediation to be completed. It's been months
0	I understand, then to withdraw that money what would be the options that I have?	There is no bank transfer in the payment options.
0	I understand then that I only have the right to receive the refund and not the order then	I have to buy the product, but I do not understand the sizes.
0	Send the product and to the dispute	I have a dispute and the company has not done anything to solve the problem.
0	is that I do not understand what is happening with the payment	How do I know that this is a legitimate company?
0	is that I have not received my orders, and I ordered them more than a month ago	I accidentally pressed the button to confirm the order and I have not received the products.
1	is that I can not enter ami cent	I can not enter my account.
0	is that I do not have the order	I paid for an order and it's frozen, what do I have to do?
0	It is a number of appeals	Will I receive a notification email if my order is canceled?
0	It is true that I am obliged to pay with the shipping costs to return the product	I received a very offensive email from a merchant with whom I am in dispute.
0	those questions do not solve my problem	I have a problem paying with my credit card.
0	Those answers do not answer my question,	I want to cancel an escalated dispute, except the seller's answers.
0	That last message I sent by mistake, there is no dispute ended because it has not even opened.	I accidentally confirmed the reception of the package, the package has not even arrived.
0	esq on my cell phone it appears that my product is coming and on the page it tells me that it still does not arrive, which is the most real?	The seller promised that if I canceled the dispute I would make the refund. I can trust him?
0	It is finalized and does not answer	I have made an online payment and it has ended.
0	he was trying to open a dispute but he says that the expired period	I am trying to pay with a Visa credit card, but it always says that the payment has failed.
0	he was trying to open a dispute but he says that the expired period	I am not able to open a dispute.
0	he was trying to open a dispute but he says that the expired period	How can I extend the period of receipt of the shipment?
0	this seller is cheating the users	Can you tell me if this seller is good or not?
0	this is a fraud. If they do not solve my problem, I'll go and file a complaint	I can not put a new address.
0	this is a fraud. If they do not solve my problem, I'll go and file a complaint	I have a problem with my order at customs. Can you send me a copy of my invoice?
0	this is a fraud. If they do not solve my problem, I'll go and file a complaint	How do I check my abuse report on valuations?
0	I'm in dispute with a seller	I'm looking for a seller that I ordered before. Can you help me?
0	I'm waiting for an answer for my problem	My order is still waiting to be sent.
0	I'm waiting for my appeal	Why am I waiting for the other party's response?
0	I'm waiting for an answer to the background sent to Jose	I am still waiting for my partial refund for this order.
0	I am waiting for a reply from the seller, they will not cancel the order but I will change the size	Open dispute a month ago and I'm still waiting for an answer.
0	I am waiting for a reply from the seller, they will not cancel the order but I will change the size	I am waiting for the refund of a product.
0	I'm waiting an answer	I'm waiting for my refund. When will I have it?
0	I'm talking to a machine ???	I'm having problems with a seller. What I can do?
0	I'm talking to a machine ???	I am not satisfied with the result of the claim.
0	I'm trying to open order disputes that I have to return, but when I give it to send it does not send it	I want to know how much I have to wait if I'm in Spain.
0	I'm trying to make some payments a while ago and I have a message from	I'm trying to answer a message, but the program does not accept text.
0	Am I wasting my time and money with you?	My processing time is over and I want to extend it.
0	Eva, you're crap !!!!	How do I respond to an assessment?
0	Eva, you're crap !!!!	I want to cancel a purchase.
0	I went to the Post Office to pick up my package and it says that they returned it to origin	It says that my account does not exist.
0	Thank you, I have paid an order for paypal, but the seller tells me that it is not yet accredited.	The seller does not have the product for which I paid.
1	talk with customer service	I would like to speak with a customer service agent.
0	days ago the seller wide the protection of the order	I accepted the seller's solution by mistake.
0	a few days ago I had problems to make my purchase, I was asked to send some documents to verify my identity and I already sent them, that's why I want to know if the problem is already solved	When do I have to verify my identity when placing an order?
0	a few months ago I bought amber bracelets, they arrived and one month it broke, it opened alone, apparently it was bad factory since it turned itself, sent a message to the seller and told me that he would send me amber to fix it I said that if it was pos	I do not want my email to show to the provider.
0	a few months ago I bought some amber bracelets, they came and all the photos of a single song, a single photo, a couple of bad guys from the factory and that was turned solo, the message a message to the seller and told me to send me amber for me to fix it	How can I put all the products in the Basket to have a single payment order?
0	I do what they tell me but it does not give me solution since I do not upload the photos	How can I access / read the ratings that the sellers have given me?
0	I DO ALL THE STEPS BUT DO NOT LET ME SAY ERROR	When I receive the email with my order I click on it, but it says that I can not see it.
0	they have extended the protection time several times	Can I make several wish lists?
0	It's been several days now and I need to buy the dress	I want to buy several products from the same seller.
0	So far it has not reached my bank	My order was canceled, but they charged me from the bank.
0	You have to open a dispute for each article	I would like to open a dispute for the order.
0	I have canceled the order and they have charged me, and I want to recover the purchase	I want to know why I have been overcharged for my order.
0	I have changed the card where they have to make the return	I confirmed the reception by mistake, what can I do?
0	I have canceled an order but I have already deducted the money from the bank	I paid for an order, but it was canceled. The seller has not returned the money.
0	I have canceled an order and I have been charged	Why have I been charged twice for an order?
0	I have canceled an order and I have not received the refund	Order canceled by the seller, and I have not received the money.
0	I bought a cell phone a month ago and it stopped working, it turns off on its own, I can not turn it on	I have bought several things and each item has a different seller. I want to buy everything from a single seller.
0	I bought a product and I want to cancel it and I can not	I bought a product and I have not received a confirmation email.
0	I bought a product and I want to cancel it and I can not	I ordered a product and I never received it.
0	I have bought several products several times from China, but now that I want to buy a phone, I realize that they are no longer shipping to my country	Now an email has arrived that says that my order has been canceled because I did not pay.
0	I have bought several products several times from China, but now that I want to buy a phone, I realize that they are no longer shipping to my country	On the website it says that my order has already been delivered, but I have not received it.
0	I have gone to the article in question and I do not see how I should do it since it is closed ...	I have already paid for the order and it appears as Suspicious Order.
0	I have paid but it does not come out in my orders	Can I use my coupons in combined orders?
0	I have lost the order number	I lost my password
0	I have lost the order number	I have not received the order and the tracking number they gave me is wrong.
0	I received my order but it is incomplete	I have ordered products, but I have not received my order.
0	I have requested a cancellation	I used a MasterCard, but it does not work.
0	I tried to make a purchase a week ago but when I go to turn it off I can not	I made a purchase, but the store does not exist.
0	I have verified my data several times,	Why have I paid twice?
1	I have seen in my order that they have sent it back to the sender	The tracking information suggests that the products have been returned to the sender.
0	I have seen in my order that they have sent it back to the sender	I can not respond to the message I received from my vendor.
0	I have seen in my order that they have sent it back to the sender	How do I pay everything in my basket at once?
0	I DID OTHER SHOPPING IN THIS STORE AND IT WAS VERY GOOD	My credit card has been stolen and someone has used it to buy something in their store.
0	I placed an order as a guest and I can not access	How do I log in as a guest?
0	I placed an order as a guest and I can not access	I placed an order and the seller asked me to cancel it.
0	I placed an order for several items and are sending them separately. How do I have to make the whole order shipped in one package	If I cancel an order that I have made, will all the money be returned to me?
0	I MADE AN ORDER MADE FOR SEVERAL DAYS	I did not place an order Someone used my card.
0	I placed an order I paid and now they send me that message	I placed an order, but they did not give me any tracking number.
0	I placed an order and did not come. A week ago	I placed an order and I paid. I want to cancel it.
0	I made a transfer as I check that it is already paid	Is this a company you can trust?
0	I made two orders and one did not arrive, confirm one that arrived but the seller tells me that I already received them both	On the website it says that my order has already been delivered, but I have not received it.
0	I made two orders and one did not arrive, confirm one that arrived but the seller tells me that I already received them both	What is "wait for the seller to confirm the account"?
0	HELLO, I MADE AN ORDER ON MONDAY AND NO RESPONSE MAIL HAS ARRIVED, PLEASE NOTICE. FELIPE	I placed an order and I paid. I want to cancel it.
0	Hello, the seller canceled my order, how do I get my money back?	If I cancel my order, can you tell me how long the refund will take?
0	hello, in my computer in the searches I get very few results, in others, many do not know where the problem is	How do I change the language in my account?
0	hello, in my computer in the searches I get very few results, in others, many do not know where the problem is	Why is the order not shown in my account?
0	Hello, I need to know how I pay for my order	I want to know if my order was successful.
0	hello good day, I still have not received my orders	I want to delete all my orders.
0	Hello, good evening, how do I cancel my order?	How do I cancel my membership?
0	Hello good night, I need to send the phone for the replacement warranty, I would like to know where I send it and what I have to include data ...	I have registered and I need the coupons mentioned on the website.
0	Hello good night, I need to send the phone for the replacement warranty, I would like to know where I send it and what I have to include data ...	Will you send me an email to let me know that the money has been refunded?
0	hi good morning have made a restriction to my account alleging abuse of buyer protection	Can I change my buyer account to a seller account?
0	Hello, how can I know which card pays for my order?	Can I pay for my order with my Brazilian credit card?
0	Hello, how can I know which card pays for my order?	I would like to know how I can cancel my order.
0	Hello I am interested in a Chinese order and they ask me to pay through Western Union and they give me a name and a phone number. From Western Union they tell me that this is a service to send money between people who know each other, not a stranger. Is it reliable	When will I be refunded the money for a canceled order?
0	hello I'm looking at the tracking of an order and I notice that the shipping address is not correct	The tracking code is incorrect, so I can not know where my order is.
0	hello I'm looking at the tracking of an order and I notice that the shipping address is not correct	I want to track an order.
0	hello eva, which means that the order is pending shipping?	I have paid for an order, but says it is still pending payment.
0	hello eva, which means that the order is pending shipping?	My order was frozen after the order verification, because the seller is being investigated.
0	Hello a few days ago claim that my order list was not a purchase that made, they said they would study but I do not see results	I want several orders sent to me together.
0	Hello a few days ago claim that my order list was not a purchase that made, they said they would study but I do not see results	I would like my products to be sent to a new address.
0	Hello the refund of the amount paid has not been refunded to my account. I would appreciate refund the amount of my order	My order was closed because the seller's account has been disabled.
0	Hello, I have bothered you many times to pay and I can not do it?	I want to talk to other sellers about the products I have bought. How can I do it?
0	Hello, they just sent me this message: Hello, Please, process the dispute again to be able to make the refund of your order, since we have received the refund for your part. While waiting for your news I take the opportunity to send you a greeting.	Please change the delivery address, I was wrong.
1	Hi, it tells me that it is expired to open a dispute, and I do not arrive in Chile. I want my refund	I have not received my order and I want my money back.
0	hello I would like to know how to qualify seller	I would like to know the ratings of a seller.
1	hello my order has not yet arrived and it should have been arrived	My products have not arrived.
0	hello I need an advisor	Do I need something to request a refund?
0	Hello, I need to change the shipping address	I need the seller's address for the post office.
0	hi fund processing takes more than days	What does the remaining processing time mean?
0	Hello, what can I do if my order was canceled and payment is already made?	Why is my payment being verified again if it has already been confirmed?
1	HELLO I want to change a credit card that I have unsubscribed and register a new one, thanks	I want to change the data on the card.
1	Hi, I would like to know if my package is on a trip	I want to know if my order was sent.
0	hello I would like to know about my order	How do I get information about my order?
0	Hi, I'm Jose Valdes, you can help me with the product that did not arrive.	I can not track my products with the code that the seller gave me.
0	Hi, I'm Jose Valdes, you can help me with the product that did not arrive.	I received the product and they gave me back the money.
0	Hello, I have an appeal. but change my form of payment by free market and bank transfer. Will I have a problem to confirm my payment?	How do I send my payment via bank transfer?
0	Hello, I have two orders with error in the delivery to the airline, for several days. What is going on with them?	There was an error when paying with Visa. What happens with the system?
0	hello I have a problem with my payment	I have a problem with the success of my payment.
0	Hello, I have several orders that have already passed the delivery date and the sellers just keep saying wait, there are orders that have too much time expired, I want a refund.	If I place several orders, how many times do I have to pay for the shipment?
0	Hello, I have several orders that have already passed the delivery date and the sellers just keep saying wait, there are orders that have too much time expired, I want a refund.	I paid all my orders, but the sellers say I have not paid.
0	Hello! I have problems with three sellers	I have problems with attachments.
0	Hello! I have problems with three sellers	I have problems to correct my shipping address.
0	Hi, how can I receive the invoice for each order?	Can I place an order as a guest?
0	Hello, today I have not received any news of the order	I have not received a refund of the order number.
0	Hello, when trying to make a payment I mark error	I just want to place an order for a product instantly.
0	Hello, when trying to make a payment I mark error	There is a failure to place the order and there is no error message.
0	Hello, when trying to make a payment I mark error	I receive an error message: Incorrect password.
0	hello, is that I have several orders about to expire the protection time	How long do I have to wait after the package comes out?
0	Hi, it's been over a month since I sent you the broken phone and I have not received anything yet. I sent them the photo of the receipt as I had sent	I have sent them a copy of my credit card, my statement, my identity. What is going to happen?
0	Hello, I try to leave a valuation of the orders and at the beginning I mark the five stars of which I am very happy and when giving to leave valuation, I get other stars and letters piled up and I can not leave valuation because I can not by much	I am not satisfied with the service I received. How can I leave a valuation?
0	Hello, the protection is about to end and I have not received my products, I can not open a dispute	Can I open a dispute after confirming that I have received an order?
0	Hello, the protection is about to end and I have not received my products, I can not open a dispute	How can I pay for all my products in the shopping cart in one payment?
0	Hello, the card that I am using will stop serving in a few days. I want to know if I can ask for the refund to another card number, in case I have a refund. Thank you.	I'm waiting for the refund on my card, how long will it take?
0	Hello, I would like to get an invoice for my order	I would like to track my order.
0	Hello, I would like to know what is your best smoke sensor? which I would advise buying for small apartments for hotel use please	I would like to send you an email, what is your address?
0	Hello, I have not received a portfolio that I bought and can not find the shipping number	I am not satisfied with the service I received. How can I leave a valuation?
0	Hello, I do not record the valuations, I enter to value the product, but I do not record the valuation	How can I access / read the ratings that the sellers have given me?
1	Hi, I can not access my account	I can no longer access my account.
0	Hi, I can not access my account	How can I deactivate my account?
0	Hello, because I leave sorry we can not participate in this promotion.	Sorry, at this time there is nothing available to ask.
0	Hello, because I leave sorry we can not participate in this promotion.	Sorry, your search does not match any product.
0	Hello, I can pay with a visa card in installments from Chile	When can I pay for my order with a Visa Debit card?
0	hello, which means data processing? ... I received my order but I can not delete the order of my my orders	On the website it says that my order has already been delivered, but I have not received it.
0	hello, which means data processing? ... I received my order but I can not delete the order of my my orders	My order was canceled, but I received things from this page.
0	Hello, I wanted to know what is the total amount (the sum) of all the orders I have made	I can not find the orders I have made.
0	Hello, I want to agree to send an order from a single store	I want to track an order.
0	Hello, I want to cancel an appeal and pay with another means of payment	I would like to pay half with a credit card and the other half with another credit card.
0	Hello, I would like to know how to change my mail	How can I change my country?
1	Hello, I followed those steps but the page throws "error" when I pay.	It gives me an error when I try to buy.
0	Hello, I followed those steps but the page throws "error" when I pay.	I have been charged, but the order is still pending payment.
1	Hello, I followed those steps but the page throws "error" when I pay.	I receive an error message when I make my payment with a credit card.
0	Hello, I have a problem with orders placed and not listed in my order list so I can not track them	I have a problem with tracking my order.
0	Hello, I have a problem with orders placed and not listed in my order list so I can not track them	I have a problem with my order. The seller is a liar and a con man.
0	Hi. How long does it take to return a canceled order? Thank you	How long will the payment be received by bank transfer?
0	Hi. I placed an order and I do not know what happened with it. Also, I have not received a purchase notification	Can I open a dispute after confirming that I have received an order?
0	Hi. I have been trying to repair or change the product for more than two months. I do not get it. I think they're kidding me.	Can I make the product arrive faster?
0	Hi. I received a delicate order ROTO (A GLASS DIFFUSER)	The order has not arrived yet.
0	Hi. You can not pay. I put the data on the card and it appears that I do not have a balance or that the data is incorrect	I want to ask if all the sellers are from China or there are other sellers.
0	Hi. I want to change some numbers for others that I do?	Why are you still asking me to log in when I make the payment?
0	Hi. I requested the cancellation of the order and the seller canceled it. But to the days I have been charged	I have been charged for the payment, but it is not reflected in the order.
0	Hi. I requested the cancellation of the order and the seller canceled it. But to the days I have been charged	The seller has vanished and I can not find it.
0	Hi .. I want to change my data for the data of a company	How can I change the terms of the dispute?
0	Today and gone to the bank and I have not made the income	Why did they charge me twice in my bank account for the order?
1	Today reviewing the status of the payments appears to have not been paid ... but the charge to my credit card has already been made.	I made the payment, but it appears as not paid.
0	gone my product, I was informed by chile couriers the following	Diplomatic Post Office
0	I try to search my account for the order number but I do not see it anymore.	How do I get something out of my order? I do not love you anymore.
1	fuck male, I want to talk to a human being	I want to talk to a person, not a robot.
0	THE SHIPPING ADDRESS IS ERRONEOUS	I have no address for the return.
0	the location of my orders is not correct	Can I change the size of my ordered items?
0	the merchandise received is not the agreed one.	The seller sent the goods to another country.
0	the merchandise received is not the agreed one.	I wonder if it takes a long time for the goods to arrive.
0	THE PAGE DOES NOT ACTIVATE THE CLAIMS	I have registered and I need the coupons mentioned on the website.
0	The page does not let me track the order	It does not let me write in the text box of the message.
0	the protection to the purchase already finished	How to buy the products in the Shopping Basket?
0	Last week, I filed a claim and I have to return the order	I have a dispute and the company has not done anything to solve the problem.
0	I have written to him many times and he has never answered the message	Why has the payment been made twice on my credit card?
0	I send messages to the seller and it does not solve anything to get my money back	They made the refund, but I received the order. How do I return the money to the seller?
1	I send messages to the seller and he does not respond	The seller does not answer my messages.
1	I follow up and it is delivered but not to my address	On the website it says that my order has already been delivered, but I have not received it.
1	key to the couriers of chile and the products were returned to the seller, the products I asked them to come to my house and never happened, they were only sent to the post office but they did not arrive at my house. Now I want the money back	The packages were returned to China.
0	key to the couriers of chile and the products were returned to the seller, the products I asked them to come to my house and never happened, they were only sent to the post office but they did not arrive at my house. Now I want the money back	I paid for the products and they are not on the order list.
0	I have been trying for days to respond to me, either for the order or the money and neither of the two	The brand or type of your card is not supported.
0	I've been waiting since March	I am waiting for the refund of a product.
0	I have been unable to pay for payment errors for weeks	Can I cancel an order without paying?
0	cancel it when they were checking the payment	Why does it say "your previous session has expired" when I make the payment?
0	I have done it repeatedly	I want to buy a custom-made dress, how do I do it?
1	I received it well but the product does not work	I received the order, but the items do not work.
0	I received it today, and I am very satisfied I would like to change my assessment but I do not know how I should do it	I have already paid for my order, but it appears that I have not paid yet, what to do?
0	what happens is that I already cancel an order because the seller is slow to process my order and would like to know how long it takes to receive the payment refund	How long does it take the supplier to process my order?
0	what happens is we already made a claim	Why is my payment less than what I paid?
0	WHAT I RECEIVE FROM THE SELLER IS NO RESPONSE AND FROM THE COMPANY Dhl is that the order number does not exist or has changed the order number please help me	Why am I waiting for the other party's response?
0	I have it in my order list and it does not give me the option to delete it	Do I have to take my purchase at the post office?
1	The products I ordered already arrived in the country of destination a week ago I would like to know when you will arrive at my address	I would like to know when my order will arrive.
0	But the dispute I accept or reject	Attached to open dispute.
0	I just got an appeal approved, and it makes an error when it comes to paying	I can not register and there is no error message.
0	it appears to me in my cell that is about to arrive	Why does the system tell me that I can not participate in this promotion?
0	I get an error when paying	I want to pay the seller.
1	I get an error when paying	It gives me an error when I try to buy.
0	THEY CHARGED ME FOR MORE IN SHIPPING SERVICE .. PAY BY UPS AND SEND IT TO ME BY EMS WHICH IS MORE CHEAP	Why did they charge before delivery?
1	They give me the money back when I cancel the order?	If I cancel an order that I have made, will all the money be returned to me?
1	it tells me that the system is busy	The system is not available.
0	they tell me they will send me an email and they never write to me	I would like to delete an order.
0	they tell me that I received the product but in reality nothing came to me	The seller does not have the shoes I ordered, but he does not answer me.
0	they tell me that I received the product but in reality nothing came to me	Now an email has arrived that says that my order has been canceled because I did not pay.
0	they tell me that I received the product but in reality nothing came to me	The seller promised that if I canceled the dispute I would make the refund. I can trust him?
0	I find myself on appeal how long it takes	How long can I receive the refund?
0	you understand that by human error I confirm that my order arrived but has not arrived	I just received an email saying that my order has been closed for not paying. But I paid.
0	they send me empty packages	Is it possible to combine my packages in one?
0	they send me empty packages	How can I track my packages sent by mail?
1	They send me an email saying that the payment has been made successfully but a few weeks later they send me another saying that the shipment has been canceled because the payment has not been made.	I have placed an order with you, but my order has been canceled due to payment failure.
0	They sent me in message that says:	They sent me the wrong size.
0	They sent me in message that says:	I have noticed that my order says Pending acceptance, what do you mean?
0	his salesman cheated me and they do not give me a solution	The seller said there was no stock and asked me to cancel it.
0	they are asking me for the purchase invoice	The amount of the invoice is not the same as that of the orders.
1	I would like to speak with someone	Someone help me resolve my dispute.
1	I would like to speak with someone	I need to talk to the sales representatives.
0	I would like to speak with someone in Spanish	My page is in Spanish.
0	I would like to ask about when to open a dispute	I would like to stop an escalating dispute.
0	The seller has closed the dispute	My order was closed because the seller's account has been disabled.
0	The seller has closed the dispute	The seller sent me the wrong size.
0	The DHL delivery man has called me	The seller has tricked me.
0	They have communicated to me the closing of a dispute. But only two articles are closed and the rest are not	The order is canceled, but the money has not been refunded.
0	They have communicated to me the closing of a dispute. But only two articles are closed and the rest are not	I opened a dispute, but the seller rejected it and kept my money.
0	they sent me a message that they have delivered a package	They have tricked me. What I can do?
0	I HAVE CONFUSED AND DO NOT LET ME DO IT	I wonder if I can bargain my purchases and how to do it.
0	I HAVE CONFUSED AND DO NOT LET ME DO IT	I am trying to pay with a Visa card and will not let me pay.
0	I HAVE CONFUSED AND DO NOT LET ME DO IT	It does not let me click on "Open dispute".
0	I HAVE CONFUSED AND DO NOT LET ME DO IT	Your email will not let me unsubscribe.
0	I HAVE BEEN IN CONTACT THIS AFTERNOON WITH YOU BUT I THINK THAT BY ERROR I HAVE GIVEN YOU AN ERRONEO ORDER NUMBER	I have placed an order with you, but my order has been canceled due to payment failure.
0	I have contacted and they tell me to talk with you	I have married and my last name has changed.
0	could you help me with the appeal that I have, I have a problem	I have a problem with the payment.
0	Could you please tell me what I can do to know where my order is?	What can I do if my package is held by customs?
0	Can a person help me?	Why have I received an order from another person?
1	Can a person help me?	I want to talk to a person, not a robot.
1	Can you help me with some shipments that I have not received?	I have not received the merchandise.
1	Can you help me with some shipments that I have not received?	I have not received my order.
0	Can you tell me how I can earn money working from home	How can I get my money back?
0	can you communicate with another person	My merchandise has been sent to another person.
0	can you give me some clear answer why my things have not arrived	Can you give me a phone number?
0	Can you tell me how much time I have to open a dispute after receiving the product?	How long does the processing time take?
0	Can you tell me how much time I have to open a dispute after receiving the product?	How much time does the provider need to process my order?
0	I contacted you last month	I have placed an order with you, but my order has been canceled due to payment failure.
0	I get it that I have an error	How do I know if I have to pay taxes on a shipment?
0	I put an appeal you can help me	I would like to stop an escalating dispute.
1	my account has been deactivated and a package was sent to the wrong address	The package has been sent to the wrong address.
0	My dispute does not appear on my list of disputed orders	I can not find it in my order list.
1	my order appears as delivered to another address, it has not arrived	My product has been delivered at another address.
0	My order appears as delivered and I have not received it	I've already paid, but it seems like I did not.
0	My order appears as delivered and I have not received it	I have not received the refund and my order has been canceled.
0	My order is withheld at customs and they do not give it to me	Sorry, you can not participate in this promotion.
0	My order is in dollars and I want to pay in euros	I do not want to pay traffic on transport.
0	My order does not deliver and I want my money back.	I want to cancel my order and receive a refund.
0	my order is not like on the web	How do I consult the website in Russian?
0	my order has not arrived and the buyer protection time is about to end	The Buyer Protection is over, but I have not received my order because the seller kept telling me to wait.
1	MY ORDER HAS NOT BEEN SENT	The order has not been sent.
0	my order will be closed in two days	Why have I been charged twice in my account for the order?
0	my order returned to the seller and I did not send it back to me	My order was canceled. How can I do it again?
0	My order is already paid, but I do not know which card to use	On the website it says that my order has already been delivered, but I have not received it.
0	My order is already paid, but I do not know which card to use	I have already paid for my order, but its status has not changed.
0	my problem is that he is asking me a capcha to keep using my account	I have a problem with my order. The seller is a liar and a con man.
0	MY CREDIT CARD IS IN DOLLARS AS I PAY EUROS	How do I pay with my credit card?
0	Look the other day I made a claim with a partner of yours	How to cancel a claim?
0	look in January buy a speaker and it does not reach me	I'm trying to place an order and, for some reason, it will not let me.
0	I look at my order list but I do not know how is the status of my orders	How can I delete the received items and unpaid items from my order list?
0	My cards have already been reviewed and approved	I opened a dispute and my application has already been closed.
0	thank you very much, I just want my card to be safe	I can not put my address on the page, it says it's only accepted in English.
0	thank you very much, I just want my card to be safe	I want to pay with my bank card.
0	Thank you very much Antonio, I have tried with Google Chrome and I have been able to pay without problems. Excellent work. Congratulations. Best regards	I placed an order and I put the wrong address.
0	none of this is helping me	I need the email address of this company.
0	nobody can help me perform	Can anyone be a member?
0	I NEED TO OPEN DISPUTE AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE ORDER	How can I open a dispute if the order is completed?
0	I need help with a package	I need help with the guarantees.
0	I need to change the euro currency to pesos or dollars	The brand or type of your card is not supported.
0	I need to change the secret questions	I need to change the email address.
0	I need to consult about my verification process	How do I complain about a seller?
0	I need to converse with a support	I need a human assistant.
0	I need the link to enforce the warranty of my cell phone, it does not work	Where do I go to track my order?
0	I need invoices of what I bought	Where can I see what I paid for?
1	I need to talk to someone	I need to talk to a person.
1	I need to speak with an agent to help me know how I do it so that I can solve the problem I have with the mobile and the company that sold me the mobile phone through your page	I would like to speak with a customer service agent.
1	I need to talk to a person, not a machine.	I need to talk to a person.
1	I need to talk to a person, not a machine.	I need to talk to the customer.
0	I need to make a refund	I live in China and I need to buy a product. Is it possible to do this?
0	I need to make a purchase	I need a new password.
0	I need to make a return	I need to make a claim about some sellers.
0	I need to make a return	I need a copy of the receipt.
0	I need to make some urgent purchases ...	It says that my account is not authorized to make purchases.
0	I need information about my refund	I need to change the amount of the refund on my order.
1	I need the invoice of my purchase, how do I get it?	I need an invoice for my purchase.
0	I need the invoice of my purchase, how do I get it?	How do I delete a product from my Shopping Basket?
0	I need the invoice of the order placed, where can I find it?	How can I print the invoice of my order?
0	I need the steps to follow to make a purchase after a refund	I need an invoice for my purchase.
0	I need my money back	I need the shipping number of my order.
1	I need tracking number of my order	I need my tracking number.
0	I need you to send me the shopping cart because they ask me to withdraw from the running	The sellers ask you to make the payment before sending the products.
0	I need to recover my order	I need to know if I can receive my order on time.
0	I need to know the name of the person who made a payment with my card	I used my grandfather's card, should I put everything in his name?
0	I need to know the name of the person who made a payment with my card	I have a problem paying with my credit card.
0	I need online support	I need to pay in several installments.
0	I need online support	I need to change the amount of the refund on my order.
0	I need to ask another question in Spanish	A transaction has been made on my credit card by someone else. What I can do?
0	I need to ask another question in Spanish	I want to put half in one and the other half in the other.
0	none of those questions contains my concern	I have not received any confirmation after paying my order.
0	none of the above, until now I have been trying to resolve diplomatically.	So far, my order has not arrived.
0	none of the options that you show me is my problem	How do I unsubscribe from promotions by email?
0	None of the answers given correspond to what happens to me	I want to cancel an escalated dispute, except the seller's answers.
0	None of the answers given correspond to what happens to me	How can I access / read the ratings that the sellers have given me?
0	no option serves me ...	The seller does not answer me.
0	none of the options is	Can I use other payment options other than a credit card?
0	I do not think I'll buy anything more valuable	I just bought a product and I need you to send it to a different address.
1	I have not received the refund even of a dispute	My refund has not been received after the dispute has been resolved.
0	I have not received the refund even of a dispute	Can I open a dispute after confirming that I have received an order?
0	I can not find the order list	How do I delete the list of My orders?
0	I do not understand why he sent me for appeal	I have to buy the product, but I do not understand the sizes.
0	I DO NOT UNDERSTAND BECAUSE THERE ARE NO PEOPLE WHO ATTEND THIS	I received an email saying that the order has been canceled because I have not made the payment.
0	it is not cancellation please read well	No more emails, please.
0	it is not a dispute is a guarantee	How can I open a dispute if the status is finalized?
0	it is nothing of what he puts there	Why is the payment received less than what I paid?
1	I do not agree with the final resolution	I do not agree with the resolution of the dispute.
0	There is no way to talk to a person?	Is there another way to pay for an order without using a credit card?
0	There is no one to answer ??????	Is there an option for fast delivery?
0	I have not logged in or I have not closed correctly.	I have closed the chat window with the service team by accident. What I can do?
1	I have not been able to pay for some products	I can not pay for the products, the payment does not work.
0	I have not been able to make the payment with my American Express cards	How can I pay with my American Express credit card?
0	I have not been able to make the payment with my American Express cards	I have already made the payment with Ticket.
0	I have not been able to request the things I want to buy because they appear on appeal	Do the things of several sellers come in a box?
0	I have not received the order sent since it has been delivered to another person. I needed the order within the deadline but	What happens if the seller does not accept or reject my dispute within the deadline?
0	I have not received the product and it tells me that the seller has canceled my product. What I do	I confirmed that I received the product, and it was by mistake. I have not received the product yet.
0	I have not received the refund	I received the wrong package. It's not mine.
0	I have not received the correct amount	I just ordered a product online, but I have not put the correct address, what can I do?
0	I have not received the correct amount	I was charged the wrong amount.
0	I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE INVOICE	I have received the merchandise and also the full refund.
0	I have not received my order and it says that I have finished	I want to confirm that I have received my order.
0	I have not received my order and it says that I have finished	I paid for my order and I have not received it.
0	I have not received my product and I can not make a dispute	My product is blocked and I would like to know what I can do.
0	I have not received my refund for cancellation of order	I have not received a refund for the dispute.
0	I have not received my refund for cancellation of order	I have not received my refund, which was approved.
0	I have not received my bills !!!!!!	I have not received my refund.
1	I have not received my products	I have ordered products, but I have not received my order.
1	I have not received my products and leave registered as received	I have not received any of my orders yet.
0	I have not received my products and leave registered as received	I returned the product and I have not received the replacement or refund.
0	I have not received any product and I am finishing the protection of the seller that I can do	I did not receive the seller's coupon after clicking on the store page, what can I do?
1	I have not received any news about the status of the refund. Is there a reason why the return is delayed so much once the order has been canceled?	My order was canceled and I have not received the refund.
0	I have not received an answer to my order	I have not received any confirmation after paying my order.
0	I have not had an answer to my appeal	Can you issue my appeal, please?
0	I do not get my order and I can not start a dispute	I can not log in and it says that my account was deactivated.
0	not what happens is that I have ordered two caps and only one has arrived	What happens if the order has no tracking and I have not received it?
0	not what happens is that I have ordered two caps and only one has arrived	I wonder if the merchandise I have ordered has been sent.
0	you did not help me, I still	I have unsubscribed from your list. However, I still receive emails.
0	I do not accept the card, because it says that the credit is not enough ... but my card is debit	I am trying to pay with a Visa credit card, but it always says that the payment has failed.
0	I do not clarify in any way. I need to change the numbers on one card to another from another bank. I've been an hour and I do not know what to do. I will have to wait for someone to solve the problem because I do not do it.	I have a Business credit card that is not accepted.
0	they do not help me track some orders?	I need to make a claim about some sellers.
0	I do not answer the provider	Where is the message sent to me by the provider?
0	they do not give me an answer to my messages, and because of ignorance I do not know where my order is located	I play the game, why do not you give me coins?
0	It does not let me access anything	It does not let me click on "Open dispute".
1	Will not let me send the dispute or upload the image	It does not let me make a dispute about the request.
0	Will not let me send the dispute or upload the image	I accidentally confirmed the reception of the package, the package has not even arrived.
0	I did not use your answer	My message window does not let me write an answer to a seller. Why is this happening?
0	The order has not arrived yet	I want to cancel the order, but even so, the sellers sent it.
1	It has not come. It got lost? How can I get my money back?	So far, my order has not arrived.
0	I have not been reimbursed for the money	How can I pay with money refunded?
1	I do not mind waiting, but I sent a message to the seller and he does not answer me	The seller does not answer me.
0	it does not allow me to make the payment it asks for identification but it does not allow me to send	They have given me my tracking number, but I can not follow up.
0	I do not get the garbage and I have the product	I received the product and they gave me back the money.
0	I can not open a dispute because I entered as a guest	Why can not I open a dispute?
0	I can not pay for the products I have in my shopping cart	My purchases were sent to a number that is not my house.
0	I can not enter my account.	How can I change my account?
1	I can not enter my account.	I can not log in with my account.
1	I CAN NOT enter my account I am not receiving the email	I can not enter my account.
0	I CAN NOT enter my account I am not receiving the email	I'm no longer in the business, can you suspend my account?
1	I can not wait for the refund period to end	I want my money back. I can not wait that long.
0	I can not do anything with the dispute	Can you provide me with any information about ** Co., Ltd.?
1	I can not follow up !!!	I'm trying to track the package, but I can not.
0	I can not pay with my card	When can I pay for my order with a Visa Debit card?
1	I CAN NOT PAY WITH CARD	I can not pay with a card.
0	I can not because he has blocked me	How can I contact them because my transactions have been canceled?
0	I can not continue my purchase	Can I buy in bulk?
0	I can not use my coupon and I get the feeling that this type of advertising with the coupons is just a scam. So is?	He tells me that my email address is incorrect.
0	I can not see my orders in my order list	I want to delete everything in my order list.
1	I do not want to chat with a machine	I want to talk to a person, not a robot.
1	I do not want to talk to a machine	I want to talk to a human.
1	I do not want to talk to a machine	I need to speak with a representative.
1	I do not remember my password	I do not remember the password.
0	this delay is not communicated for reasons of holidays and before sending the order I decide to cancel it and I am denied even if I have not sent the product. I do not want the product and I want the refund of the amount	How long does it take to update the price of the product?
0	this delay is not communicated for reasons of holidays and before sending the order I decide to cancel it and I am denied even if I have not sent the product. I do not want the product and I want the refund of the amount	I want an invoice with the name of the product.
0	I do not know how much money I have from my refunds and I can not pay my order with that money	Will I receive my money back if the order is canceled?
0	I do not know how much money I have from my refunds and I can not pay my order with that money	One of my orders was canceled by the seller. How can I receive my money back?
0	do not buy them from the same seller	How can I make multiple orders from the same seller so that they are shipped together?
0	I'm not canceling a product	Will the coupon be returned?
0	I do not know why my package puts canceled shipment	Why in my order does Procesando pago?
0	the dispute form is not used	The submit button on the dispute form does not work.
0	the dispute form is not used	What do I write in the account number on the Western Union form?
0	I do not have the codes of my orders	How do I delete the list of My orders?
0	I do not have an order number but it has been charged	My order was sent but I have not received it.
0	I DO NOT HAVE ANY CARDS LINKED I CAN BUY WITHOUT LINKING	Why can not I buy with my temporary prepaid card?
0	the dispute option does not come	Where does this shipment come from?
0	I will not be able to make more purchases?	How do I find previous purchases?
0	No, I'm sorry, something is wrong and it's not me, nothing is missing. Well I will not be able to make the purchase. If I could consult someone or find out the fault, I would appreciate it. If you can send me the solution to my email better. Greetings and see you later.	I have placed my order and I have not received it.
0	order number I can not find	How do I find products that support Select Coupon?
0	or they answer me or give me back the money	They do not return my money, what can I do now?
0	or it's worth with my own bank account	My order was closed, but the money was charged from my bank account.
0	or it's worth with my own bank account	How do I log out with my account?
0	I operate through a virtual card	Can I pay with a Chinese bank card?
0	Again the same, I can not access my account,	Can I transfer funds to another account?
0	AGAIN MORE OF THEMSELVES	I want them to return the money from the products to another card.
0	Hey, I have a refund pending and I need to know what happens	What happens after an order is frozen?
1	P that does not answer me I want to talk to a human not with a machine	I need to talk to a human.
1	P that does not answer me I want to talk to a human not with a machine	I would like to talk to someone before buying.
0	page an article in oxxo, and in my orders it appears that I have not paid yet	I have already paid for the order and it appears as Suspicious Order.
0	to support me and to date I have not received a positive response	I have sent the documents for the appeal, but there is no response.
0	Come with a normal person with whom I can solve the problem	Are there suppliers with whom you can make custom orders?
0	REQUEST SENT TO BAD ADDRESS	The order should be sent.
1	Paid order canceled I need a refund	My order was canceled and I have not received the refund.
0	Order received without problems ok	Can I leave valuations without any order?
0	ask for a refund when the buyer protection time is over	Extra charges to the buyer.
0	but it appears as if I had already reached the destination address	I've already paid, but it seems like I did not.
0	but I still do not get my order	I placed an order, but they closed it for me.
0	but I still do not get my order	The order is canceled, but the money has not been refunded.
0	but the seller told me to confirm order received and does not have protection time	The seller said there was no stock and asked me to cancel it.
0	But the seller does not reimburse me for the money,	I have paid for my order, but the payment has not been successful and they charged me the money.
0	but it was due that he arrived more than two months ago	I need the product very soon, but it says that the processing time is ** days.
0	but the amount is higher in dollars	Why did they charge me the amount twice on my credit card?
0	But I need to send my personal information	Why do they take so long to send my articles?
0	BUT I DO NOT KNOW WHAT SIZE ORDER	I'm trying to order a dress, but it does not give me to choose any size.
0	BUT I HAVE NO BINDING ANY CARD I CAN BUY WITHOUT LINKING	I do not have a Visa card, how can I buy?
0	BUT I HAVE NO BINDING ANY CARD I CAN BUY WITHOUT LINKING	Why can not I buy using my credit card?
0	BUT IF THEY MADE ME THE DISCOUNT ON THE CARD I DO?	If I place an order today, will I receive it on the ***?
0	BUT I HAVE TO PAY ONE FOR ONE	I placed an order twice and I want to cancel one.
0	but already negotiate with the provider	My order was frozen because the provider is suspended. What I can do?
0	Could I check the refund status of my order?	How do I check the status of the order?
0	By mistake confirm the arrival of some orders	I made some payments, but they do not appear in the orders.
0	By mistake cancel my order	Why is my order frozen? Will my order reach me or will it come back?
0	that's why I want a refund	How do I receive a refund for Mercado Pago?
0	for this reason my product has not arrived	The seller now asks me for more money for the product.
0	for this reason my product has not arrived	Can you help me search for the product on this page?
0	for this order that already pays and is not credited to the seller's account	Why is the valuation I have left not shown on the seller's appraisal page?
0	PLEASE STILL DO NOT ARRIVE ME THE ORDERS. HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO WAIT?	How long do I have to wait for a mediation?
0	PLEASE FEED A KEY FOR MISTAKE	Please call to place an order.
0	please in which currency are the products	I put products in the Basket, but I can not find them.
0	PLEASE MAKE THE MACHINE STOP ANSWERING ............	Seller who refuses to answer my emails.
1	Please, I need to speak with an agent.	I would like to speak with a customer service agent.
0	why should I do it?	How do I cancel my order after doing it?
0	because in the local shipping office, I do not know how to account for the orders sent by China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus	The products were returned to China by the transport agency.
0	because the payment of the oxxo of my order is not reflected	The Buyer Protection period of my order is over, what can I do?
0	Why do I buy a cell phone in Spain and take a guarantee when I have a problem I have to send it to Poland with the consequent costs that this entails, not to mention the time it takes	Why is the payment received less than what I paid?
0	Why do I buy a cell phone in Spain and take a guarantee when I have a problem I have to send it to Poland with the consequent costs that this entails, not to mention the time it takes	Why is my payment less than what I paid?
0	because they do not answer instead of putting a robot	Why do I have to put the information on the card again?
0	I present a merchandise problem	I have a problem paying online with my credit card.
1	buyer protection	What is Buyer Protection?
0	can you connect me again with Barbie	Is this a company you can trust?
0	I can cancel an order sent	Can I cancel an order?
1	I can talk to an agent	Can I talk to a human?
0	Can I pay with another cardholder's card?	Can I pay with a Chinese bank card?
0	It took almost two months for me to receive a guarantee and the seller does not pay attention to me	The seller told me to cancel the order to return the money. What I can do?
0	What does it say that you have ordered it and that my shipping address appears?	The seller says that the payment has not been received after completing the order. What I can do?
0	I have not received the order	I have received something that I have not asked for.
0	what happens if I miss the delivery address	What happens if I do not want to send my statement for verification?
0	What happens if I pay one day before the order is canceled	What happens if an order is displayed twice in my account?
0	what can I do, since the first day it was used, many balls came out and the fabric was of very poor quality	It seems that I can not place orders.
1	What does this mean? Your order will be automatically canceled if the seller does not send it in one day	What happens if the seller does not send my order before the processing time?
0	WHAT DOES YOUR ORDER MEAN WILL BE CLOSED IN	Why is the order not shown in my account?
0	which means URL of the article	I need an invoice for the order I paid for.
1	I wanted to talk to commercial	I want to talk to a human.
1	I want to open a dispute because the seller has canceled the order	I would like to open a dispute for the order.
0	I want to change the delivery address of my order	I need to change the name of my business.
0	I want to change a size of a pants	I want to change the score on a product.
0	I want to cancel my account	I want to cancel my order, but the goods have been sent.
0	I want to buy some carpets with a seller and I have asked for a price, but how do I pay for it?	I sent an email to the seller. How do I read the answer and how do I know when they respond?
1	I want to contact an agent	I want to contact a human.
0	I WANT TO CONTACT TO HELP	I want the email address to put a claim.
0	I want to return my order	I want to send my order to China. It's possible?
0	I want to start making some purchases, but I have had problems paying with my card	I want to pay with my bank card.
0	I want to talk to a person	I want to eliminate an appeal.
1	I want to talk to someone, not manufactured answers	I need to talk to a human.
1	I want to talk to an agent please	I need to speak with a representative.
1	I want to talk to an operator	I want to talk to the seller.
1	I want to talk to an operator	I need to talk to a person.
0	I want to pay for paid market	Why have I paid with Mercado Pago but my order says Pending payment?
1	I want to pay everything together please	I want to pay my orders in "Pending payment" all together, but I do not know how.
0	I WANT TO KNOW HOW I CAN OBTAIN AN INVOICE FROM A FUTURE ORDER	I registered as an affiliate and I want to obtain the affiliate code or the promotion banner.
0	I want to know in what currency are the prices I already buy in Uruguay	I want to know why I have a charge on my credit card before receiving orders.
0	I want to know why it says: waiting for pick up	I want to know how much I have to wait if I'm in Spain.
0	I want to know for sure in what currency are the prices for Uruguay in US dollars or Uruguayan pesos	Can I pay in my local currency?
0	I want to know when my order arrives	I want my order more quickly.
1	I WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK WITH AN AGENT	I need to talk to an agent.
1	I WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK WITH AN AGENT	I want to talk to a human.
1	I WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK WITH AN AGENT	I need to speak with a representative.
0	I would like to know how my dispute is going since the seller does not give me any signs	My account does not give me the option to pay with Western Union.
0	I would like to know how my dispute is going since the seller does not give me any signs	After clicking on login, it gives me an error message.
0	I would like to know how my dispute is going since the seller does not give me any signs	Why does my Basket say that nothing is available?
0	I would like to know the steps to follow	I want to know how much taxes and import charges could be.
0	I would like to know if every time I buy several items from different sellers it is possible that they send me everything together	How do I pay everything in my basket at once?
0	I placed an order and now I can not find it on my order list, and I need to see it because I think I ordered two units and only one has arrived.	I placed an order twice and I want to cancel one.
0	I placed an order and now I can not find it on my order list, and I need to see it because I think I ordered two units and only one has arrived.	How can I delete the received items and unpaid items from my order list?
0	I made some purchases of some products and some of them did not reach me, the sellers tell me they will answer and continue to wait, but it's too long, the order was made in April ...	I placed the order, but they suddenly raised the price.
0	I made some purchases of some products and some of them did not reach me, the sellers tell me they will answer and continue to wait, but it's too long, the order was made in April ...	I placed an order, but they closed it for me.
0	Realize the payment of some products but the sellers have not sent them what happens ??	The sellers ask you to make the payment before sending the products.
0	Realize the payment of some products but the sellers have not sent them what happens ??	The sellers ask you to pay before sending the products.
0	Realize the payment of some products but the sellers have not sent them what happens ??	The payment of the products was not confirmed.
0	refund and the order arrived	Why do not I receive a refund for the order?
0	repair in warranty of a tablet	How do I upload my video in response to a mediation dispute?
0	repair in warranty of a tablet	I have a question about the customs costs, at what value are they assessed?
0	repair in warranty of a tablet	I can not open a dispute for an order in Pending shipping.
1	It turns out that my product never arrived	I would like help with a shipment I never received.
0	revert receipt of order	I need the tracking number of my order.
0	You know that I have not paid for a product, but I got the confirmation from the bank that if the payment was made	The seller promised that if I canceled the dispute I would make the refund. I can trust him?
0	dispute was closed but instead of returning the money they have charged me again	I have been charged, but the order is still pending payment.
1	It has broken down and the seller does not respond to my messages	The seller is always offline and does not respond to my messages.
0	a payment has been made with one of my cards and I did not go	I have made an online payment and it has ended.
0	the key of my card is put	How to put the keywords of the search to locate the products I want?
0	the dispute was resolved in my favor, it says that I agree with the payment team	He tells me that my email address is incorrect.
0	the time to open dispute expired	What is the deadline to open a dispute?
0	the protection expired	Is the buyer's protection free?
0	According to the follow-up to my order it says that it was delivered but I have not received it as I do to know with which courier company they sent it and a guide number to inquire thanks	I have not received the order and the tracking number they gave me is wrong.
0	It would be possible to have invoice of my order	If I use my credit card, can I have buyer protection?
1	CUSTOMER SERVICE SPEAK	I need to talk to the customer.
1	If I cancel a product minutes after buying, how long does the refund take?	If I cancel my order, can you tell me how long the refund will take?
0	If I cancel a product minutes after buying, how long does the refund take?	How long is the warranty of a product?
0	yes of course I want to increase the number of pieces to the order	I want the free customer service number.
0	IF THE SELLER SENDS ME THIS THAT MEANS !! Status: The seller has sent your order. !!	The seller has sent me the articles. How do I track the shipment?
0	If I find where to make the appeal but I can not send it	I have sent the documents for the appeal, but there is no response.
0	If I find where to make the appeal but I can not send it	How do I find the seller's mailing address if I have to return items?
0	IF THEY ARE IN CELEBRATION I HOPE, BUT THE ORDER ARRIVED IN ARGENTINA AND WAS RETURNED TO SG. I DO NOT KNOW WHY . THE PAYMENT WAS GOOD	I placed an order before and the order was not completed because the seller was suspended.
0	IF I AM INTERESTED IN THE PRODUCT STILL	I am waiting for the refund of a product.
0	IF I AM INTERESTED IN THE PRODUCT STILL	If I receive the order when I'm not at home, where can I pick it up?
0	yes thank you.you could help me check the status of some orders	Can you help me with the bank account number they use?
0	If I pay with a credit card, and after the payment the product does not arrive, I ask for a refund, this refund reaches my card or my current account ??	Why does my payment fail with a credit card?
0	IF I WANTED TO KNOW IF YOU CAN DO SOMETHING, SEND MY PURCHASE TO ANOTHER COUNTRY ... NEVER RECEIVE IT	I want to know if my order was sent.
0	If you check the pages you will see what was sent	How can I know if the supplier has sent the products?
0	If the automatic cancellation of an order occurs as I recover the money?	The money is gone, but it appears as not paid.
0	If the automatic cancellation of an order occurs as I recover the money?	How can I change the reason for canceling my order?
0	being that my order comes from Spain is also affected by the Chinese holidays?	Does my order come with Buyer Protection automatically?
0	meaning of data processing	What is the meaning of Arrival at the internal exchange office?
1	meaning of data processing	What is Fund Processing?
0	I only wish that mu change it for another one equal or similar	Please change the delivery address, I was wrong.
0	I only made a transfer to the seller's account	Can I create a seller account?
0	I just want the order to come out	I have not received my order and I want my money back.
0	I just want the order to come out	I want my money back.
0	I just want to know at what point should I put the option to confirm the order, so as not to lose my payment?	My supplier wants me to click on confirm order received to give me the correct tracking number.
0	I have also extended the period of protection and my purchases did not arrive	My purchases were sent to a number that is not my house.
0	Neither. I already received the product, but putting it to the test is not what the description said	If the product I received is not correct, can I return it without expenses?
0	I write you in Spanish or English?	My page is in Spanish.
0	I'm putting the n of the arrival order	The seller rejects my request to cancel the order.
0	I can send you the order number	What can I do if the seller refuses to send my order?
0	I can send you the order number	The order can not be sent to your country.
0	I can send you the order number	Why can not I send a warranty request for my order?
0	I can send you the order number	Why can not the order be sent to my country / region?
0	You will have some solution for this delay	There is no option to open a dispute in this order.
0	I have an open dispute and I have no answer or resolution to the problem. I sent the video and I have no answer	I have already sent the device and it has been delivered, but I have not heard from the provider yet. What I can do?
0	I have errors on the website	Why do not I see the orders on the website?
0	I have errors on the website	I do not have the option to open a dispute in my order.
0	I have my appeals already present what they ask me	Why do they ask me for another payment when I have already made the payment?
0	I have pending the return of a product and the refund of the amount	Does the Buyer Protection cover the shipping costs or just the price of the product?
0	I have a problem to start the session	I have a problem with my shipment.
0	I have problems with replacement warranty	I have problems paying with a Visa debit card.
0	I have problems with my account I can not make purchases	I have problems to create my account.
0	I have problems with a purchase	I have problems sending messages to sellers.
0	I have a case number, my problem is that I want to buy but I can not make the payment	I want to pay with a Visa card, but I have a problem.
0	I have an order that was delivered in an erroneous address	When do I have to verify my identity when placing an order?
1	I have an order that was delivered in an erroneous address	Our records indicate that your order has been delivered successfully.
0	I HAVE AN ORDER WITHOUT DELIVERING AND I HAVE REQUESTED THE SELLER MONEY RETURN	I placed an order and I entered the address incorrectly.
1	I have a problem about an order that I made and it has not arrived	So far, my order has not arrived.
0	I have a problem, the order did not arrive, the seller asked for time, I have the message, but when I inform him that I do not arrive, he no longer responds, and I can no longer open the dispute.	I ask for a refund, but the seller does not respond.
0	I have an outstanding appeal and it's been more than three days and nothing	I have a debit card and it has no expiration date.
0	I have an appeal, but I do not know why it came out? I tried to pay twice but sent me an error, now it turns out that I can not pay because I have an appeal	I want to file a claim because the seller has cheated me.
0	I have an outstanding compensation	I have a problem uploading an image.
0	I have a question about my appeal	I have a problem with my order at customs. Can you send me a copy of my invoice?
0	I have a doubt regarding a purchase that has not yet arrived	I have a question about the customs costs, at what value are they assessed?
1	I have a question I want to talk to a human	I need to talk to a person.
0	I have a request on appeal and it is not resolved yet	Is this a legitimate page?
0	I HAVE SEVERAL ORDERS THAT I BUY FROM JULY AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THEM	I need to cancel the orders I have made.
1	THE ORDER HAD TO ARRIVE TODAY AND HAS NOT ARRIVED	The order has not arrived yet.
0	I had to receive an answer between Wednesday and today	I want to cancel the order and receive a refund.
0	time to resolve appeal	I have an unresolved dispute.
0	my product still does not arrive	If I ask now with UPS, how many days does the item arrive in my country?
0	After contacting the seller, for the refund of the order. I do not receive an answer ... !!!	When will I receive the refund after opening a dispute?
0	Your bank suspects fraud in this transaction. Tip Contact the issuing bank of your card.	I canceled an order Will my money be in the bank?
0	your previous answer I do not understand	Why am I waiting for the other party's response?
0	a human who answers me	Now an email has arrived that says that my order has been canceled because I did not pay.
0	a human who answers me	Why did they charge me twice for an item I bought?
0	An order did not arrive correctly	Can I cancel an order?
0	a seller charges me more in the shipment	If the order is closed for security reasons, is the payment still charged?
0	a seller charges me more in the shipment	The seller sends me the package by free shipping instead of EMS.
0	I'll wait a couple of days	How much is a product worth?
0	I'll wait a couple of days	I do not have a tracking number.
0	value an already closed order	I have already opened a dispute, but you have closed it.
0	I am going to buy a product and it does not leave me when it comes to paying it	I just bought a product and I need you to send it to a different address.
0	I will return an order as I have to do	I paid for an order and it's frozen, what do I have to do?
0	AND TO PUT ME IN CONTACT WITH YOU I THINK THAT BY ERROR I HAVE GIVEN YOU AN INCORRECT NUMBER OF ORDER	What can I do if I have placed an order by mistake?
0	And how to cancel an order since it has passed a lot and does not leave the country of origin	I bought a product and did not come to my country.
0	And when would the refund be made effective?	I need to know when the order is delivered to me.
1	and the product sent to me came defective	My product is defective.
0	and the product sent to me came defective	They sent me the wrong size.
0	and the product sent to me came defective	The seller asked me to confirm the delivery before sending me the product.
0	and the seller has agreed to return the money	How long will it take to return the money from a failed transaction?
0	and the seller did not answer a week ago	I opened a dispute, but the seller rejected it and kept my money.
0	and the seller does not give me solution	The seller said there was no stock and asked me to cancel it.
0	and I'm claiming a refund	I'm trying to place an order and there's no luck.
0	and I'm claiming a refund	I'm looking for a product.
0	and I have given it to received and it is not deleted	I paid for my order and I have not received it.
0	and I get a page that says that my session ended	It says that my account does not exist.
0	and I need my money back	I need to change my email address.
0	and I have not made the disbursement	I have paid for my order and I have been asked to pay again, what do I do?
0	and I did not paypal account	I open a new account and they do not let me buy things here.
0	and I did not paypal account	I have registered and I need my new member coupon.
0	and know the name and phone number of the person in charge of delivering the product	How do Asian and UK sizes compare?
0	and I cancel x half of wester union	I tried to pay with Western Union, but the account number is not correct.
0	and I cancel x half of wester union	Bank transfer and Western Union do not appear as payment methods on the payment page.
0	and I cancel x half of wester union	How do I cancel my order after doing it?
0	and I cancel x half of wester union	Why is the payment received less than what I paid?
0	already exceeded the time of the dispute	The timer of the time remaining before a dispute seems strange.
0	already exceeded the time of the dispute	I have not received the refund after the dispute ended.
0	I have already tried several times during several days to place my order and at the time of payment I mark error	Why did they charge me twice in my bank account for the order?
0	I have already paid in the bank the agreed amount but this has not been reflected in the status of the order	I have specified the address. Do I receive the package at this address?
0	I have already paid in the bank the agreed amount but this has not been reflected in the status of the order	How can the seller change the sum of the order?
0	I already did that and I still do not get help	I want to cancel my order and receive a refund.
0	I already made my claim for a product that came bad	Where did I get to the payment page?
0	I already did all that process and to date I have not received any product and refund,	I have already paid for the order and it appears as Suspicious Order.
0	I already tried to reset it and the mail does not arrive	How do I know when the order arrives in my country?
0	I ALREADY SENT MESSAGE BUT DO NOT ANSWER ME	I want to cancel the order, but the seller does not respond.
0	I already informed my seller and I have not received an answer	Order canceled by the seller, and I have not received the money.
0	already done and it does not work	I want to buy a custom-made dress, how do I do it?
0	already done and it does not work	I've already paid, but it seems like I did not.
0	I'VE ALREADY DONE IT, ,,, I'M SAYING IT IS FOR THE TRANSPORTER	I'm waiting for the mediation to be completed. It's been months
0	I'VE ALREADY DONE IT, ,,, I'M SAYING IT IS FOR THE TRANSPORTER	I clicked on the seller's solution by accident.
0	THERE IS NO PROTECTION AGAINST THE BUYER ... I CAN NOT OPEN DISPUTE. THE SELLER DOES NOT WANT TO RETURN MY MONEY	What happens if the seller does not want to cancel my order?
0	I was able to place the order thanks	I could not make the payment with my Visa debit card, can you help me, please?
0	Since I pay is by western and not with card	You do not accept my payment in Western Union. The reason is that the account number is not correct.
0	I have not opened any dispute,	Why have you confirmed my order if I have opened a dispute?
1	I want to cancel the order but it does not appear in my orders, I can not perform the action because it does not appear in my account	My order does not appear under the My Orders tab.
1	I want my money, nothing more	I want my money back.
0	I want my money, nothing more	Why does my Basket say that nothing is available?
0	I WANT TO KNOW Q PASS WITH MY PAYMENT	I want to know the status of my claim.
1	I just want to talk to an agent	I need to speak with a representative.
1	I just want to talk to an agent	I just want to place an order for a product instantly.
0	How can I protect so that they do not make any purchases?	How many days for my purchase to arrive in my country?
0	Why do they always send me the same email?	The seller is always offline and does not respond to my messages.
0	Can you communicate with the seller?	Can you help me with the bank account number they use?
0	Can I return a product by regular mail	How can I order a product?
0	What should I do to know if they are going to send me?	How can I get my money back?
0	Do you want to know if you are sending batteries to Brazil?	I would like to know if they accept American Express.
0	my order is missing the small handle	I received the message that some products were canceled due to lack of payment.
0	what mail can I send my disputes	I can not track my products with the code that the seller gave me.
0	what mail can I send my disputes	How can I pay for my purchases?
0	I opened a good dispute that I think	How to cancel a dispute?
